
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001501                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1500732543                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               399084455688                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 377974                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   496704                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  48789                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67761156                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 30759.57                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11626309103                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15278413200                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        88448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        61312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        62080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        24832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        30080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        87936                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        11648                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        21376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        87040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        30336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               715904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3584                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40192                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       273920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            273920                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          687                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  5593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            2140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 2140                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40854715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     41366465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     41366465                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     20043545                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     58595384                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     14243711                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               477036367                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           26781588                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         182524195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              182524195                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         182524195                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     58936551                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40854715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     41366465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      1194084                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     41366465                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2132292                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     16546586                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     20043545                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     58595384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      1791125                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      7761543                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2388167                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     14243711                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1108792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     57998342                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1961709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     20214128                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              659560562                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206918                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21607                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83970                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78866                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20590                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          936                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1999037                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1221415                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206918                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99456                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250731                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67804                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles       243732                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124649                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21653                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585021                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931257                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2288185     90.12%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13146      0.52%     90.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          20954      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31618      1.25%     92.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13231      0.52%     93.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15820      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16415      0.65%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11480      0.45%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         128067      5.04%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2538916                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.057495                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.339388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1972620                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       270816                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248849                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1543                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33580                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1481465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1977637                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        103689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles       148065                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245525                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        18901                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1478590                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents         3028                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         3288                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         8214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3780                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2021451                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6890679                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6890679                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         352453                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          327                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          174                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           45848                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       150284                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82862                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4140                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        17020                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1473970                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          326                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374971                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2656                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       224315                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525024                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           22                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541558                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229205                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1950918     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240447      9.47%     86.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131647      5.19%     91.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85666      3.37%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78531      3.09%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24289      0.96%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17251      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6179      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3988      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2538916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           388     11.89%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1348     41.32%     53.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1526     46.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1132140     82.34%     82.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25260      1.84%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136331      9.92%     94.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81087      5.90%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374971                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.382055                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3262                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002372                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5294775                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1698682                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1350043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1378233                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6426                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        32181                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           72                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5557                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1075                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        45087                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         88964                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1950                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1474296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           68                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150284                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82862                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          174                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           74                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           72                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11677                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13344                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25021                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1355200                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128894                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19770                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209853                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183828                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            80959                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.376562                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1350162                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1350043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798812                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2028131                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.375129                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.393866                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255972                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22008                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.488939                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333127                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1998629     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236622      9.49%     89.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97556      3.91%     93.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50278      2.02%     95.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37111      1.49%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21309      0.85%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12988      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10843      0.43%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28493      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2493829                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28493                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3940638                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2995720                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35423                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles               1059964                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.598873                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.598873                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.277865                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.277865                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6150599                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844346                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1402976                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         240302                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216513                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14533                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92297                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83849                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13118                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          665                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2529013                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1506962                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            240302                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        96967                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              297233                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         46415                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       400788                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          146913                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14379                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      3258592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.843675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2961359     90.88%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          10524      0.32%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          21496      0.66%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           9045      0.28%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          48577      1.49%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          43695      1.34%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           8220      0.25%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          17907      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         137769      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      3258592                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066771                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418731                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2502985                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       427276                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          295959                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles         1020                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        21169                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1766845                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2506939                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        384854                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        30004                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          293310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        12133                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1764813                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         5901                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         4091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents          149                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2081957                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      8305534                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      8305534                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1803212                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         278745                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           29946                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       412270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       206875                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1965                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        10213                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1758861                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1675703                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       162460                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       400908                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3258592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514241                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302872                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2655652     81.50%     81.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184624      5.67%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       148993      4.57%     91.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64588      1.98%     93.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80626      2.47%     96.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75497      2.32%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        42968      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3620      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2024      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3258592                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4186     11.33%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31805     86.08%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          956      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1055942     63.01%     63.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14614      0.87%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.89% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       398930     23.81%     87.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206117     12.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1675703                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.465618                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             36947                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022049                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6648324                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1921582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1659006                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1712650                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2839                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20521                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        31349                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        376147                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3157                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1759073                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           24                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       412270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       206875                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1991                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           10                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7819                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8984                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        16803                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1662359                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       397345                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13344                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             603414                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         217362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           206069                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.461910                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1659138                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1659006                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          898147                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1780697                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.460978                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.504379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1337325                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1571856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187467                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        14610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3227243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487058                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2653947     82.24%     82.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       211539      6.55%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98661      3.06%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96277      2.98%     94.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26560      0.82%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110193      3.41%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8707      0.27%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6155      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15204      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3227243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1337325                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1571856                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               596689                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              391749                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           207510                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1397960                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        15296                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        15204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4971362                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3550004                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 55603                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                340288                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1337325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1571856                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1337325                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.691104                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.691104                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.371595                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.371595                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        8207867                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1933280                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       2091933                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         240789                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       216882                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14556                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        97453                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83970                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2537122                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1511049                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            240789                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches        97086                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              297891                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         46490                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       386405                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          147396                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14422                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      3253023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.545443                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847045                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2955132     90.84%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          10508      0.32%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21548      0.66%     91.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3           9046      0.28%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          48668      1.50%     93.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          43912      1.35%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8180      0.25%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          17947      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         138082      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      3253023                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.066907                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.419866                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2511358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       412634                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          296637                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1770928                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2515328                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        367292                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        32804                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          293933                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12267                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1768990                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         5870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.FullRegisterEvents          192                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2085647                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8325120                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8325120                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1807651                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         277978                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           29901                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       413713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores       207724                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        10185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1763372                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1680851                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161877                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397336                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3253023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.516704                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2648547     81.42%     81.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185134      5.69%     87.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149523      4.60%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64208      1.97%     93.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        80801      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75782      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43326      1.33%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3639      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2063      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3253023                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4220     11.35%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        31994     86.06%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          962      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1058559     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14700      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       400571     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       206921     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1680851                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.467048                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37176                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022117                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6653191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1925510                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1664430                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1718027                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20373                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        31396                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        358517                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3061                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1763584                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       413713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       207724                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1938                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        16760                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1667801                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       399096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             605966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         218046                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores           206870                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.463422                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1664552                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1664430                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          900940                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1784543                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.462486                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.504858                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1341337                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1576389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187391                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        14638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3221627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489315                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.305290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2646852     82.16%     82.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212052      6.58%     88.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98794      3.07%     91.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96601      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26549      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110651      3.43%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8674      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6181      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15273      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3221627                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1341337                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1576389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               599058                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              393331                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           208090                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1401939                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        15273                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4970134                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3558984                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 55906                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                345857                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1341337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1576389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1341337                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.683054                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.683054                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.372710                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.372710                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        8236102                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1938713                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       2098542                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         254260                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223941                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22642                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161349                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153907                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16511                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          746                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1440200                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            254260                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       170418                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              318750                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         73462                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       104287                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          160477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      3088763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529339                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786440                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2770013     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          45462      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          26160      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          44702      1.45%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          16551      0.54%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.33%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7208      0.23%     95.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          12414      0.40%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         125167      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      3088763                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.070650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.400180                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2594321                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       125962                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          317855                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          418                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        26462                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1629530                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2597088                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         68074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        49730                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          315202                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         8462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1626063                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1510                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5988                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2152253                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7398708                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398708                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1707759                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         444392                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          238                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          125                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           22589                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       276185                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        51351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          563                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        11514                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614725                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          240                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1498474                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1577                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       314080                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       665170                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3088763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108676                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2435559     78.85%     78.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       213598      6.92%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206929      6.70%     92.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123249      3.99%     96.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69170      2.24%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18300      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21031      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          511      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          416      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3088763                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2854     58.21%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1137     23.19%     81.40% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          912     18.60%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1185892     79.14%     79.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12746      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          114      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249023     16.62%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50699      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1498474                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.416372                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4903                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003272                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6092191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929067                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1457189                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503377                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1526                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61233                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        50204                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         59931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1614969                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          271                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276185                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          124                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          617                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13751                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10252                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        24003                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244478                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22509                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             295153                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         222061                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            50675                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.410118                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1457851                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1457189                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          878345                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1987616                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.404901                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.441909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1139448                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1297357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317557                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          233                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        22299                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3038559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.426965                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2547374     83.83%     83.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198452      6.53%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121498      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39706      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62526      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13357      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8749      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7768      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39129      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3038559                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1139448                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1297357                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               264459                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              214922                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               116                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           197635                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1138226                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        17600                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        39129                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4614331                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3280178                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 59443                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                510117                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1297357                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1139448                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     3.158442                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               3.158442                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.316612                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.316612                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6830135                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1917032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1697648                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         269955                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110342                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103716                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27293                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2588938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1541405                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            269955                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       131009                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              337808                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         80925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       226997                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          161214                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28183                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      3205756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588316                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.928825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2867948     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          36173      1.13%     90.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          42038      1.31%     91.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          23050      0.72%     92.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          26020      0.81%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          14794      0.46%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          10518      0.33%     94.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          26281      0.82%     95.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         158934      4.96%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      3205756                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.075011                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.428301                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2566707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       249931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          334752                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        43821                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1880488                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2571264                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         29916                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       207817                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          332878                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles        12314                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1878419                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         2640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         5954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2610676                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8743474                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8743474                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2201525                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         409140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           35077                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       179952                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        97022                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        20662                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1873036                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761778                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249521                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       583118                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3205756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.549567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2464418     76.87%     76.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298220      9.30%     86.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159648      4.98%     91.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110756      3.45%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97081      3.03%     97.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49584      1.55%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12438      0.39%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7766      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3205756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1778     45.08%     56.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1475298     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162628      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96136      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761778                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.489535                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3944                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6735622                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2123092                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765722                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4388                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34123                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          199                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        51563                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         23996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1873535                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          785                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179952                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97022                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15739                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        31915                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734762                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152758                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             248838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         241822                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            96080                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.482028                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1731048                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1730935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers         1029613                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2698663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.480965                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381527                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292392                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287851                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        28234                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3154193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.502730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2506709     79.47%     79.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300453      9.53%     89.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125894      3.99%     92.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75119      2.38%     95.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52125      1.65%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33967      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17812      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14009      0.44%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28105      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3154193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1292392                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1585708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               240108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              145820                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           226933                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1429594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        32268                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        28105                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4999634                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3798697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 41635                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                393124                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1292392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1585708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1292392                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.784666                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.784666                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.359110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.359110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7823754                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2404248                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1753771                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         241237                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       217330                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        14556                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        97602                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          84119                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          681                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2542800                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1514325                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            241237                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches        97235                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              298486                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         46494                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       381322                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          147692                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        14420                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      3254217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546387                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848492                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2955731     90.83%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          10508      0.32%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21547      0.66%     91.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3           9046      0.28%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          48817      1.50%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          44061      1.35%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           8180      0.25%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          17947      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         138380      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      3254217                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067031                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.420777                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2515702                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       408886                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          297231                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          995                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        21263                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1774633                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2519755                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles        366125                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        30049                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          294490                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1772709                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         5929                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4224                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents          192                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2089063                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8342963                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8342963                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1811084                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         277967                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          212                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          112                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           30397                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       415205                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores       208469                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1937                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        10185                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1767111                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          212                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1684560                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1297                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       161901                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       397455                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3254217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517654                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306940                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2648363     81.38%     81.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185433      5.70%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       149864      4.61%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        64514      1.98%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81136      2.49%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        75869      2.33%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        43355      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3626      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         2057      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3254217                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          4204     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        32027     86.11%     97.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          962      2.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1060035     62.93%     62.93% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        14699      0.87%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.80% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          100      0.01%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       402060     23.87%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       207666     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1684560                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.468079                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             37193                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022079                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6661827                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1929273                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1668141                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1721753                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2921                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        20375                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           50                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1992                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          147                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        31400                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles        357112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         3184                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1767323                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           25                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       415205                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       208469                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1982                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            5                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           50                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7706                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         9053                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        16759                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1671512                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       400585                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        13048                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             608200                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         218490                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores           207615                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.464453                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1668263                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1668141                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          902724                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1787138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.463517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.505123                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1344623                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1580122                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       187410                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          200                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        14638                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3222817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.490292                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.306324                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2646686     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       212538      6.59%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98958      3.07%     91.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        96879      3.01%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        26667      0.83%     95.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       110941      3.44%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8671      0.27%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6184      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        15293      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3222817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1344623                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1580122                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               601300                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              394823                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               100                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           208537                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1405225                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        15306                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        15293                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4975056                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3566484                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 55933                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                344663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1344623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1580122                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1344623                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.676497                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.676497                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.373623                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.373623                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        8256157                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1942115                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       2104052                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          200                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         316451                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263416                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30241                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       121009                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113493                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2746638                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1735592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            316451                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       147223                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              360862                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         84913                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       198964                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          171908                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28884                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003886                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2999992     89.26%     89.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          21906      0.65%     89.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          27686      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          44138      1.31%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          18098      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          23874      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          27929      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          12927      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         184304      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      3360854                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.087930                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.482259                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2730534                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       216812                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          359147                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        48062                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      2120663                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2733740                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          7889                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       200846                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          356116                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         8085                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      2107050                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1094                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         5619                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2944186                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      9794077                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      9794077                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      2436094                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         508092                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           29387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       198403                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores       102401                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        23131                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          2055883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1963683                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2323                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265838                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       553074                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.584281                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308528                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2529886     75.28%     75.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       378172     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155273      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86872      2.58%     93.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117549      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36647      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35794      1.07%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19134      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1527      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360854                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13658     79.07%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.78%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1654229     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26651      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180587      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101975      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1963683                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.545637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17274                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7307817                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2322245                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1910457                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1980957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40136                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        54174                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          6004                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2056387                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198403                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102401                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17191                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        34548                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1928113                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       177084                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35570                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             279031                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         272236                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores           101947                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.535754                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1910499                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1910457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers         1144250                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         3073710                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.530848                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1417200                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1746130                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310268                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        30293                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.528061                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346427                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2566825     77.63%     77.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375434     11.35%     88.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136126      4.12%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67674      2.05%     95.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61900      1.87%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26165      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25640      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12171      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34745      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1417200                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1746130                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               258737                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              158267                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           253142                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1571995                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        36031                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        34745                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            5328320                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           4166975                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 42905                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                238026                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1417200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1746130                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1417200                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.539430                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.539430                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.393789                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.393789                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        8672978                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2671796                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1959957                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         269816                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       221010                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28261                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       110330                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         103704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          27288                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1253                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2587297                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1540496                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            269816                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       130992                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              337665                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         80808                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       217960                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          161086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28125                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      3194876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.590019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931343                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2857211     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          36172      1.13%     90.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          42034      1.32%     91.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          23048      0.72%     92.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          26017      0.81%     93.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          14790      0.46%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          10460      0.33%     94.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          26278      0.82%     95.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         158866      4.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      3194876                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.074972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.428049                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2565232                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       240728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          334609                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles         2799                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        43817                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          450                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1879528                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2431                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2569788                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         28349                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles       200237                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          332792                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        12202                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1877468                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         2640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         5898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2609665                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      8739661                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      8739661                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      2201324                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         408341                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          490                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          275                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           34744                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       179812                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        97014                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         2199                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        20659                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1872412                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          492                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1761386                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2366                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       249057                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       581854                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           59                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3194876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551316                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.245535                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2453664     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       298196      9.33%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159635      5.00%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       110735      3.47%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        97018      3.04%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        49580      1.55%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        12438      0.39%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         7765      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5845      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3194876                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           437     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1777     45.07%     56.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1729     43.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1474993     83.74%     83.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        27502      1.56%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          214      0.01%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       162549      9.23%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        96128      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1761386                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.489426                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3943                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6723957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2122004                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1730612                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1765329                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         4389                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        34007                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           44                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2734                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          107                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          143                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        51504                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         22536                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1438                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1872911                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          561                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179812                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        97014                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          276                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          953                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           44                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15738                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16174                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        31912                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1734375                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       152679                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27011                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             248751                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         241798                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            96072                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.481921                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1730726                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1730612                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers         1029461                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2698328                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.480875                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381518                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1292278                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1585559                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       287387                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          433                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        28232                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3143372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.504413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.321483                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2495949     79.40%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       300423      9.56%     88.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       125889      4.00%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        75106      2.39%     95.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        52119      1.66%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        33966      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        17810      0.57%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        14006      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28104      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3143372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1292278                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1585559                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               240085                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              145805                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               216                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           226910                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1429457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        32263                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        28104                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4988201                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3797401                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 41630                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                404004                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1292278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1585559                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1292278                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.784912                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.784912                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.359078                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.359078                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7822301                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2403874                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1752843                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          432                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         316276                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263263                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120945                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113429                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33714                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745274                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1734683                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            316276                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       147143                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              360672                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         84870                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       200622                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          171822                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28868                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634598                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        3000260     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          21898      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          27663      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          44111      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          23863      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          27917      0.83%     94.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         184204      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      3360932                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.087882                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.482006                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2729175                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       218464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          358958                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        48040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      2119564                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2732379                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7890                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       202502                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          355929                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         8080                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      2105959                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         1091                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2942598                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      9789008                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      9789008                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2434739                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         507856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           29365                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       198303                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores       102360                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        23122                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962639                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265746                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552881                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308236                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530409     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377970     11.25%     86.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155180      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86824      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117511      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36611      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35776      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19126      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360932                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13650     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653332     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26639      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180493      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101934      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962639                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.545347                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17266                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008797                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305797                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2321081                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909443                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979905                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40121                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        54148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          6005                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055315                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198303                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102360                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17177                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17351                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        34528                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1927090                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176990                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35548                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             278896                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         272080                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores           101906                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.535469                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1909485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1909443                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers         1143619                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         3072012                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.530566                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372270                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745197                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        30276                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527763                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346093                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567323     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375238     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136038      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67646      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61871      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26154      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25629      0.78%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12163      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34722      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1416437                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1745197                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               258611                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              158182                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           252996                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1571170                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        36015                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        34722                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            5327373                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           4164803                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 42888                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                237948                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1745197                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1416437                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.540798                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.540798                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.393577                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.393577                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        8668397                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2670305                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1958949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         254836                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224399                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22769                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161830                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154092                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16621                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          750                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2621847                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1443718                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            254836                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       170713                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              319512                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         73852                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles       101269                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          160943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22180                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      3093567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529970                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.787878                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2774055     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          45615      1.47%     91.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          26336      0.85%     92.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          44708      1.45%     93.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          16429      0.53%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          41017      1.33%     95.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           7189      0.23%     95.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          12592      0.41%     95.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         125626      4.06%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      3093567                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070810                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.401158                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2601087                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       122963                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          318649                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          398                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        50467                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        26637                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          472                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1634089                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        50467                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2603853                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         68395                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        46479                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          315975                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         8395                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1630604                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1476                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         5945                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2158841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      7420754                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      7420754                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1711908                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         446920                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           22457                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       276676                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        51491                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          564                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        11562                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1619357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1502415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1579                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       315938                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       669931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3093567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485658                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.109348                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2438760     78.83%     78.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214273      6.93%     85.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207130      6.70%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123439      3.99%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69590      2.25%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18410      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21025      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          515      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          425      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3093567                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2870     58.31%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1136     23.08%     81.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          916     18.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1189307     79.16%     79.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12737      0.85%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.01% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.02% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249412     16.60%     96.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50844      3.38%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1502415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.417467                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4922                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003276                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6104898                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1935560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1460884                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1507337                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1480                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61490                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           24                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1769                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        50467                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         60290                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1082                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1619604                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          273                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276676                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51491                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          609                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           27                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           24                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13758                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10358                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        24116                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1479594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244641                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22821                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             295463                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         222509                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            50822                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.411126                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1461475                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1460884                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          880541                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1994735                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.405927                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.441433                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1141883                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1300274                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       319394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22426                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3043100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427286                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.285987                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2550621     83.82%     83.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199211      6.55%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121701      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39820      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62557      2.06%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13385      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8791      0.29%     98.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7810      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39204      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3043100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1141883                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1300274                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               264908                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              215186                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           198023                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1140854                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        17645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        39204                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4623551                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3289833                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 59552                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                505313                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1141883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1300274                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1141883                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.151706                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.151706                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.317288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.317288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6846402                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1922495                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1701486                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3596889                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         207590                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       169376                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21942                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87744                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          79650                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20703                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          963                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2019368                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1226624                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            207590                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       100353                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              252059                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         68396                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       204275                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          125956                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21911                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2521367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.591526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2269308     90.00%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          13222      0.52%     90.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21354      0.85%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          31991      1.27%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13240      0.53%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          15618      0.62%     93.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          16465      0.65%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          11641      0.46%     94.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         128528      5.10%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2521367                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.057714                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.341024                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1992646                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       231702                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          250230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1452                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        45336                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        33597                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1487454                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        45336                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1997710                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         89949                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       125933                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          246754                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        15673                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1484202                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents         1043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2801                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         8098                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1086                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      2030255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6917070                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6917070                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1678263                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         351898                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          325                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          172                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           45620                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       150319                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        83392                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4145                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        15963                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1479307                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          324                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1383166                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2308                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       221981                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509846                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2521367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.548578                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.235469                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1930509     76.57%     76.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       240534      9.54%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132796      5.27%     91.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86731      3.44%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78839      3.13%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24296      0.96%     98.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17566      0.70%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6153      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3943      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2521367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           384     11.82%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1320     40.63%     52.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1545     47.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1138973     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25354      1.83%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136981      9.90%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81705      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1383166                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.384545                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3249                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002349                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5293256                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701680                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1357994                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1386415                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6392                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31566                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           69                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5705                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1125                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        45336                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         75394                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1813                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1479631                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           63                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150319                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        83392                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          172                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          987                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           66                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           69                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12144                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        25456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1363055                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       129782                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20111                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             211343                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         184976                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            81561                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.378954                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1358089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1357994                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          803723                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         2037517                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.377547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005451                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1226051                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       254719                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        22352                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2476031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.495168                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339495                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1978318     79.90%     79.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       236967      9.57%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        98814      3.99%     93.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        50463      2.04%     95.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37425      1.51%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21528      0.87%     97.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13156      0.53%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11089      0.45%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28271      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2476031                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1005451                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1226051                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               196426                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              118739                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           170304                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1108432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        23912                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        28271                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3928530                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3006963                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 35869                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1075522                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1005451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1226051                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1005451                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.577389                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.577389                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.279534                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.279534                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        6187097                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1855576                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1409609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         316244                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       263235                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        30221                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       120934                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         113418                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          33711                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1402                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2745034                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1734514                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            316244                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       147129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              360635                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         84860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       200946                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          171806                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      3360972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.634528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.003298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        3000337     89.27%     89.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          21894      0.65%     89.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          27660      0.82%     90.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          44105      1.31%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          18092      0.54%     92.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          23861      0.71%     93.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6          27915      0.83%     94.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          12924      0.38%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         184184      5.48%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      3360972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.087873                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.481959                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2728932                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       218791                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          358921                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          183                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        48036                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          217                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      2119354                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1280                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2732136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles          7888                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles       202830                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          355892                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         8081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      2105749                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1093                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         5617                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      2942293                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      9788044                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      9788044                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      2434513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         507780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          501                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          260                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           29370                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       198280                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       102351                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores        23119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          2054615                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          504                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1962456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2322                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       265709                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552807                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3360972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.583895                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.308176                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2530519     75.29%     75.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       377944     11.25%     86.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       155167      4.62%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86812      2.58%     93.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       117502      3.50%     97.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        36607      1.09%     98.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        35773      1.06%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        19123      0.57%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1525      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3360972                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         13649     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1863     10.79%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1753     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1653182     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26635      1.36%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          241      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       180473      9.20%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       101925      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1962456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.545296                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             17265                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008798                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      7305471                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2320848                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1909268                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1979721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        40115                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1931                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        54141                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles          6003                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          716                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      2055119                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1452                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       198280                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       102351                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          260                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          599                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        17176                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        17349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        34525                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1926915                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       176973                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        35541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             278870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         272057                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           101897                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.535421                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1909310                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1909268                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers         1143513                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         3071747                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.530517                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372268                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1416311                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1745040                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       310090                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          489                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        30273                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3306831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527708                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346021                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2567425     77.64%     77.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       375214     11.35%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       136028      4.11%     93.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        67643      2.05%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        61865      1.87%     97.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26151      0.79%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25627      0.77%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        12160      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        34718      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3306831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1416311                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1745040                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               258585                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              158165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars               244                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           252973                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1571030                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        36012                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        34718                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            5327230                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           4164406                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 42882                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                237908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1416311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1745040                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1416311                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.541024                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.541024                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393542                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393542                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        8667594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       2670045                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1958757                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          488                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         279565                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       228662                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        28941                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       114633                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         107990                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          28206                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1290                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2680797                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1562717                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            279565                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       136196                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              324653                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         79802                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       145798                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1917                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          165527                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        28814                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      3203716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.599033                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.937583                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2879063     89.87%     89.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          14977      0.47%     90.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          23442      0.73%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          31833      0.99%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          33487      1.05%     93.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          28152      0.88%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          15496      0.48%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          24041      0.75%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         153225      4.78%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      3203716                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077681                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.434223                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2655200                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       173880                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          323812                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          528                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        45882                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          211                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1915389                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2662973                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         28542                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       127956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          316618                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        17331                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1913789                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            1                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         2491                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         7478                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2671301                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8898162                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8898162                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2286742                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         384548                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          459                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          233                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           53343                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       179771                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        96234                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1162                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        21763                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1910340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          460                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1804243                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          471                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       228077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       552595                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3203716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563172                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256600                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2441588     76.21%     76.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       311660      9.73%     85.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       159280      4.97%     90.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       120597      3.76%     94.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        94533      2.95%     97.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        37974      1.19%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        24064      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        12314      0.38%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1706      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3203716                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           379     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1114     35.74%     47.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1624     52.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1518300     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        26823      1.49%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          225      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       163113      9.04%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        95782      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1804243                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.501335                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3117                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6815788                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2138891                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1775903                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1807360                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3821                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31223                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1780                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        50291                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         24302                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1743                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1910807                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       179771                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        96234                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          234                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1478                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        16094                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        16708                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        32802                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1778545                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153727                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        25696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             249481                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         252458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            95754                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.494194                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1775977                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1775903                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers         1020424                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2750032                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.493460                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371059                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1332856                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1640017                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       270786                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          453                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        29079                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3153425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520075                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367013                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2480945     78.67%     78.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       333269     10.57%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       126085      4.00%     93.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59617      1.89%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50458      1.60%     96.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        29211      0.93%     97.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        25745      0.82%     98.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11390      0.36%     98.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        36705      1.16%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3153425                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1332856                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1640017                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               243002                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              148548                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               226                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           236519                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1477605                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        33761                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        36705                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            5027510                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3871912                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 42467                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                395164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1332856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1640017                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1332856                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.700127                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.700127                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.370353                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.370353                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        8001953                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2475540                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1775258                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          452                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         254217                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       223795                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       160434                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         153802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16556                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          753                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2615180                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1440314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            254217                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       170358                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              318596                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         73204                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        92842                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          160390                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21965                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      3077111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.531410                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.790341                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2758515     89.65%     89.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          45650      1.48%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          26075      0.85%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          44510      1.45%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          16274      0.53%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          40999      1.33%     95.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           7149      0.23%     95.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          12618      0.41%     95.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         125321      4.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      3077111                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070638                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.400212                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2594168                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       114803                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          317713                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        26629                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          469                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1629755                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1775                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2596949                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         60265                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        46369                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          315041                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         8460                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1626161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1461                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6030                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2152156                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7398538                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7398538                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1709717                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         442411                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          240                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           22692                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       276053                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        51439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          558                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        11548                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1614891                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1499136                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1574                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313002                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       662356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3077111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.487189                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.110126                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2423285     78.75%     78.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       214087      6.96%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       206971      6.73%     92.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       123147      4.00%     96.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69524      2.26%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18346      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20829      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          510      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          412      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3077111                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2862     58.32%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1128     22.99%     81.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          917     18.69%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1186514     79.15%     79.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12719      0.85%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          115      0.01%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       248993     16.61%     96.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        50795      3.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1499136                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.416556                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4907                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003273                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6081863                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1928156                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1458043                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504043                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1404                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61022                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1801                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        50024                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         50746                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1108                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1615138                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          126                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276053                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          615                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           32                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13634                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10251                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        23885                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1476699                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244465                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22436                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             295238                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         222173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            50773                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.410322                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1458627                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1458043                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          878745                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1987654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.405138                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.442102                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1140632                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1298722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       316480                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22228                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3027087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.429034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288049                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2535062     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       199068      6.58%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       121601      4.02%     94.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39711      1.31%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62548      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13463      0.44%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8726      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7808      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39100      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3027087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1140632                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1298722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               264669                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              215031                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           197795                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1139469                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        17618                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        39100                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4603176                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3280475                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 59283                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                521769                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1140632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1298722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1140632                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.155163                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.155163                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.316941                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.316941                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6833084                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1918122                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1697958                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3598800                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         204824                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       167108                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21510                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83167                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78158                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20421                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          944                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1985840                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1210667                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            204824                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches        98579                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              248487                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         67157                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       238094                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          123823                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21551                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2517296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.930750                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2268809     90.13%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          13041      0.52%     90.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          20827      0.83%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          31570      1.25%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13031      0.52%     93.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          15508      0.62%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          16122      0.64%     94.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11310      0.45%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127078      5.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2517296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.056915                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.336409                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        1960000                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       264611                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          246677                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         1459                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        33182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          328                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1467718                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1099                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        1964985                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         87827                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       158356                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          243290                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        18278                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1464831                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents         2431                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2975                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         7906                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents         3702                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2003903                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6827427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6827427                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1656465                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         347385                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          320                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          169                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           45186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       148075                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        82276                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4194                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16886                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1460337                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1364188                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2263                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       219975                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       509996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2517296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.541926                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229409                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1934244     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237846      9.45%     86.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130795      5.20%     91.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        85234      3.39%     94.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77980      3.10%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        23992      0.95%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17182      0.68%     99.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6106      0.24%     99.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3917      0.16%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2517296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           387     12.01%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1307     40.58%     52.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     47.41%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1123434     82.35%     82.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25064      1.84%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          151      0.01%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       134890      9.89%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        80649      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1364188                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.379067                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3221                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002361                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5251156                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1339534                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1367409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6455                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30852                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5571                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1110                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        44548                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         70896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1717                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1460656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           55                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       148075                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82276                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          910                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           49                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11764                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13213                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        24977                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1344494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       127712                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        19694                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             208220                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         182359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            80508                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.373595                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1339644                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1339534                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          792426                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2011128                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.372217                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.394021                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts       992428                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1210147                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       251499                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          300                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        21905                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2472748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.334228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1981767     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       234330      9.48%     89.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96696      3.91%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49959      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        36851      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21161      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        12885      0.52%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10763      0.44%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28336      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2472748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts       992428                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1210147                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               193883                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              117207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               150                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           168100                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1094047                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        23601                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        28336                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3906058                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2967927                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 35311                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles               1081504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts            992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1210147                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total       992428                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.626258                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.626258                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.275766                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.275766                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6102296                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1830366                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1390949                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          300                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3598880                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         255422                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       224758                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22782                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       161354                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits         154322                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          16708                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          766                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2628934                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1446245                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            255422                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       171030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              320144                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         73621                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       105364                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          161245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22185                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      3105140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.529015                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.786360                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2784996     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          45820      1.48%     91.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          26233      0.84%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          44657      1.44%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          16691      0.54%     93.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          41086      1.32%     95.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7224      0.23%     95.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          12593      0.41%     95.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         125840      4.05%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      3105140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070973                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.401860                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2608113                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       127116                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          319292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          389                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        26840                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          471                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1637341                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1776                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2610868                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         73794                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        45263                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          316637                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         8348                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1633985                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         1456                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5912                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2163137                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7436094                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7436094                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1719921                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         443216                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          241                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          126                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           22372                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       276716                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        51857                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          540                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        11655                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1622883                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          243                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1507373                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1510                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       313461                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       661499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      3105140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.108549                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2447507     78.82%     78.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       215852      6.95%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       207574      6.68%     92.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       124076      4.00%     96.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        69782      2.25%     98.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        18424      0.59%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        20998      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          507      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          420      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      3105140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2825     57.87%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1134     23.23%     81.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          923     18.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1193654     79.19%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12838      0.85%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     80.04% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          116      0.01%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     80.05% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       249559     16.56%     96.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        51206      3.40%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1507373                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.418845                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4882                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003239                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6126278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1936606                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465921                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512255                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1398                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        61000                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1788                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        50227                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         65662                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1095                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1623130                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          158                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       276716                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        51857                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          125                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           28                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13781                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        10312                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        24093                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1484407                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       244887                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             296067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         223327                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            51180                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.412464                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1466538                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1465921                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          883415                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2002013                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.407327                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.441263                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146538                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1306064                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       317138                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        22440                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      3054913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.427529                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.286124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2559987     83.80%     83.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       200436      6.56%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       122248      4.00%     94.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        39929      1.31%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        62776      2.05%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        13537      0.44%     98.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         8792      0.29%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         7860      0.26%     98.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        39348      1.29%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      3054913                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1146538                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1306064                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               265785                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              215716                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               118                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           198873                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1146074                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        17774                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        39348                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4638754                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3296662                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 59371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                493740                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1306064                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1146538                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     3.138910                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               3.138910                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.318582                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.318582                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6868278                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1929103                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1704723                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          236                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          707                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2044.346366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2752                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        31.532703                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks         106.988675                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    11.923167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   297.782265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1627.652259                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.005822                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.145401                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.794752                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.998216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    417                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   417                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                57                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 704                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    661767027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     676248280                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     55247881                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      731496161                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14481253                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    717014908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     731496161                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total              1064                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              57                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.608083                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.628011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.628011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1043796.572555                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1045205.996909                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 969261.070175                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1113942.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1037648.202605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039057.046875                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                     382                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             704                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            704                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    606097229                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    619437082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     50242996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50242996                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     13339853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    656340225                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    669680078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.603235                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.608083                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.623646                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.628011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 955989.320189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 957398.890263                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 881456.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 881456.070175                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.136035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1026142.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 949841.136035                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951250.110795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          493                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         113399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2541                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        44.627706                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.634798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.596068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   234.220715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1794.548419                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002751                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.006639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.114366                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.876244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   506                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    506                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          506                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   506                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 493                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     483654096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      483654096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15433989                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    468220107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     483654096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.493493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.493493                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.493493                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1102427.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 977495.004175                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 981042.791075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426157861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    440362650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426157861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    440362650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     14204789                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    426157861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    440362650                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.486294                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.493493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889682.382046                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893230.527383                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889682.382046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893230.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1014627.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 889682.382046                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 893230.527383                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        44.523361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.632688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.599598                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   234.160817                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1794.606897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.006640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.114336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.876273                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     468733603                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      468733603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14811694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    453921909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     468733603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1057978.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 935921.461856                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 939345.897796                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                101                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                     101                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     13582494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    411338909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    424921403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 970178.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 848121.461856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851545.897796                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          258                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.496643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        22.271466                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    22.043920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   127.911561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1864.191531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.010764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.062457                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.910250                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 259                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964659                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245201175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      245201175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42236516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    202964659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     245201175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               730                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                733                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               733                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354795                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860019.741525                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 946722.683398                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860019.741525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 946722.683398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1836370.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 860019.741525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 946722.683398                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          236                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182327190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    222543458                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182327190                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    222543458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     40216268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    182327190                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    222543458                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.334278                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.332863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353342                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772572.838983                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859241.150579                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772572.838983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859241.150579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1748533.391304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 772572.838983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 859241.150579                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.645672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.897439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.046578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   101.982664                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1836.718991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046337                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.006859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.049796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.896835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64570944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164717166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     229288110                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64570944                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164717166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      229288110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64570944                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    164717166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     229288110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2582837.760000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849057.556701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1046977.671233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2582837.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849057.556701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1046977.671233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2582837.760000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 849057.556701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1046977.671233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62375926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147680461                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    210056387                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62375926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147680461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    210056387                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     62375926                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    147680461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    210056387                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2495037.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761239.489691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 959161.584475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2495037.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761239.489691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 959161.584475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2495037.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 761239.489691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 959161.584475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          499                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                            2048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         113401                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2547                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        44.523361                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.632775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.598376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   234.373397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1794.395452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.006640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.114440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.876170                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total                      1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 169                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          508                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   508                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 499                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     473383175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      473383175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15121234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    458261941                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     473383175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total              1007                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             169                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total               1007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total              1007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.495531                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.495531                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1080088.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 944869.981443                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 948663.677355                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                100                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                     100                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            499                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     13892034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    415678941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    429570975                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.488419                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.495531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 992288.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 857069.981443                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 860863.677355                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.121554                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.973466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    44.873230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1946.153304                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.006823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.021911                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.950270                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78205157                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     131773632                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78205157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      131773632                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53568475                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     78205157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     131773632                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859397.329670                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1176550.285714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859397.329670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1176550.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2550879.761905                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 859397.329670                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1176550.285714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70212928                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70212928                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     51724675                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     70212928                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121937603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771570.637363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088728.598214                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771570.637363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088728.598214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2463079.761905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 771570.637363                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088728.598214                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          221                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.645851                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         135296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2266                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        59.706973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          94.893069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.045078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   102.064945                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1836.642760                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.046335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.006858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.049836                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.896798                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999827                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 252                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          477                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 219                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  219                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 219                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64441252                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167406550                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     231847802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64441252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167406550                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      231847802                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64441252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    167406550                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     231847802                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               694                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             252                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                697                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               697                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.315562                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.314204                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.314204                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577650.080000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862920.360825                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1058665.762557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577650.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862920.360825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1058665.762557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2577650.080000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 862920.360825                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1058665.762557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                     138                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          194                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            219                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62246252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370966                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    212617218                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62246252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    212617218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62246252                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    150370966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    212617218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.290419                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.315562                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.289121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.314204                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489850.080000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775108.072165                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970854.876712                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489850.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775108.072165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970854.876712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489850.080000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 775108.072165                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 970854.876712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.121578                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.963619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    44.899579                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1946.136802                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.021924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.950262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81443209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141770018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81443209                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      141770018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60326809                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81443209                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     141770018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 894980.318681                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1265803.732143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 894980.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1265803.732143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2872705.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 894980.318681                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1265803.732143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73453124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131936133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73453124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131936133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     58483009                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     73453124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131936133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807177.186813                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178001.187500                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807177.186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178001.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2784905.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 807177.186813                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1178001.187500                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          258                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.496473                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          51356                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        22.270598                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.349461                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.042831                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   127.306355                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1864.797826                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.010763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.062161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.910546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999754                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          468                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    472                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          471                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   472                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 258                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39495951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199121902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     238617853                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39495951                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199121902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      238617853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39495951                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    199121902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     238617853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                730                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               730                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334282                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.354883                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.353425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.353425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1717215.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847327.242553                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 924875.399225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1717215.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847327.242553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 924875.399225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1717215.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 847327.242553                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 924875.399225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            258                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          235                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     37468301                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    178366962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    215835263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     37468301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    178366962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    215835263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     37468301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    178366962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    215835263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.334282                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354883                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353425                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.332861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.353425                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1629056.565217                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 759008.348936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836570.786822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1629056.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 759008.348936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836570.786822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1629056.565217                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 759008.348936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836570.786822                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          705                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2044.286972                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          86778                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2750                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        31.555636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         108.247222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    11.940182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   298.539942                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1625.559626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.052855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.005830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.145771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.793730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.998187                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   420                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 486                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          420                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          630                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 643                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  701                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          688                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 701                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17004953                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    625797211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     642802164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54245388                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54245388                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17004953                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    680042599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      697047552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17004953                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    680042599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     697047552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total              1063                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             486                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1108                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.604892                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.625335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.625335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1308073.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 993328.906349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 999692.323484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 935265.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 935265.310345                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1308073.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 988434.010174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994361.700428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1308073.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 988434.010174                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994361.700428                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                385                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     385                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          630                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             701                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          688                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            701                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15863553                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    570571011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    586434564                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     49152988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     49152988                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15863553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    619723999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    635587552                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     15863553                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    619723999                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    635587552                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.604892                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620939                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625335                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.620939                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.625335                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1220273.307692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 905668.271429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912028.870918                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 847465.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 847465.310345                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1220273.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 900761.626453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906686.950071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1220273.307692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 900761.626453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906686.950071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          112                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.121600                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         132082                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        61.149074                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          42.121600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    13.962736                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data    44.818990                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1946.218274                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.020567                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.006818                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.021884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.950302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          374                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          377                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   379                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 112                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  112                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 112                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068255                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     141150746                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068255                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      141150746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60082491                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     81068255                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     141150746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                491                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               491                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.229508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.228106                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.228106                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890859.945055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1260274.517857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890859.945055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1260274.517857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2861071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 890859.945055                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1260274.517857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      59                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            112                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73076545                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    131313688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73076545                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    131313688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     58237143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     73076545                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    131313688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.195699                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.229508                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.194444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.228106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803038.956044                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172443.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803038.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172443.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2773197.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 803038.956044                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1172443.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          195                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2046.996210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         118810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2243                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        52.969238                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.996210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    24.406187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    89.511967                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1904.081846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014158                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.011917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.043707                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.929727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          401                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 132                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          404                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   405                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 195                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    157288386                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     236842264                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    157288386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      236842264                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79553878                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    157288386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     236842264                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               597                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             132                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326633                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.325000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.325000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 941846.622754                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1214575.712821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 941846.622754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1214575.712821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2841209.928571                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 941846.622754                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1214575.712821                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 83                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      83                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             195                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            195                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    142624090                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    219719568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    142624090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    219719568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     77095478                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    142624090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    219719568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.294014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326633                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.965517                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.292469                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.325000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 854036.467066                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126767.015385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 854036.467066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126767.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753409.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 854036.467066                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1126767.015385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.528070                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          51358                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        22.252166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.380930                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    22.112629                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   129.322609                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1862.711902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.010797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.063146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.909527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          470                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   471                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    474                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          473                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   474                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204932135                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     249575927                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204932135                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      249575927                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44643792                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    204932135                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     249575927                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               731                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                734                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               734                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335219                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.355677                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.354223                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.354223                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864692.552743                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 959907.411538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864692.552743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 959907.411538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1941034.434783                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 864692.552743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 959907.411538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184121151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226745543                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184121151                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226745543                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     42624392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    184121151                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226745543                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.335219                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.355677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354223                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.333803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354223                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776882.493671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872098.242308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776882.493671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872098.242308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1853234.434783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 776882.493671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872098.242308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          696                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2044.554401                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          86776                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2741                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        31.658519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks         109.435635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    11.928824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   291.333151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1631.856791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.053435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.005825                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.142253                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.796805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.998318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 484                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    418                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   418                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 635                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                58                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 693                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20447619                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641155672                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     661603291                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60085867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     60085867                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20447619                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701241539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      721689158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20447619                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    701241539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     721689158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total              1053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             484                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              58                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total               1111                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total              1111                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.603039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.623762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.623762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572893.769231                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1030796.900322                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1041894.946457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1035963.224138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1035963.224138                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572893.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031237.557353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1041398.496392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1572893.769231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1031237.557353                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1041398.496392                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                     379                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            635                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             693                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            693                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19306219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    586529581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    605835800                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     54992057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54992057                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19306219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641521638                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    660827857                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     19306219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    641521638                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    660827857                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.598077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.603039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.619308                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.623762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1485093.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 942973.602894                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 954072.125984                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 948138.913793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 948138.913793                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1485093.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943414.173529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953575.551227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1485093.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 943414.173529                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 953575.551227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          260                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.508560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                          51364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2308                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        22.254766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          33.361924                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    21.994374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   129.437237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1862.715025                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.016290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.010739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.063202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.909529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks             75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                  75                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   480                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 260                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  260                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 260                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47264212                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200929601                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248193813                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47264212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200929601                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      248193813                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47264212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    200929601                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     248193813                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               737                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total              75                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.352782                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.351351                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.351351                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054965.739130                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847804.223629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 954591.588462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054965.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847804.223629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 954591.588462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2054965.739130                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 847804.223629                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 954591.588462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      39                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             260                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          237                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            260                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45244379                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180114263                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225358642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45244379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180114263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225358642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     45244379                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    180114263                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225358642                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.332398                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.352782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.958333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.331006                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.351351                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1967146.913043                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759975.793249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866764.007692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1967146.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759975.793249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866764.007692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1967146.913043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 759975.793249                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 866764.007692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.745934                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494287.962151                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.745934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124627                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124627                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124627                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           22                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           22                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     22362370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124649                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1016471.363636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14590144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1122318.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1108                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125035930                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1364                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             91668.570381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.171120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.828880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94601                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76388                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         170989                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        170989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          509                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         3135                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         3135                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1700929098                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    455027193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2155956291                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174124                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174124                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.027009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006619                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.018004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647726.236862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 893963.051081                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 687705.355981                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          452                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2027                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1051                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           57                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    695151875                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55720981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    750872856                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010810                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000741                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006363                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661419.481446                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 977561.070175                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 677683.083032                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              556.595249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765427795                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1374197.118492                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    13.595249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.021787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        146897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         146897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       146897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        146897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     16453106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16453106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       146913                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       146913                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       146913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       146913                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1028319.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     15550467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15550467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1110747.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287972363                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             232048.640612                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   103.612229                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   152.387771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.404735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.595265                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       374883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        374883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       204739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       204739                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       579622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         579622                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       579622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        579622                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3646                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1926948845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1926948845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       378529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       378529                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       204739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       204739                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       583268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       583268                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       583268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       583268                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006251                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006251                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 528510.379868                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2661                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    506724307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    506724307                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 514440.920812                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              556.598779                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              765428278                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1374197.985637                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.598779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.021793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891985                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         147380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       147380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        147380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     15831231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     15831231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147396                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       147396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       147396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       147396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 989451.937500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     14928288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     14928288                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1066306.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              287974803                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                 1249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             230564.293835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   103.669554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   152.330446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.404959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.595041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       376536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        376536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       205526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       582062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         582062                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       582062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        582062                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         3660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         3660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1892258608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1892258608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       380196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       380196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       205526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       205526                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       585722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       585722                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       585722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       585722                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009627                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006249                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 517010.548634                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         2667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2667                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    492622121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    492622121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001695                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496094.784491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              548.044911                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              643100666                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1169273.938182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    23.000879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   525.044032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.036860                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160444                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         160444                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        160444                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     49390654                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       160477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       160477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000206                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1496686.484848                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     42492861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770535.875000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  708                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              150654676                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  964                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             156280.784232                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   161.642162                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    94.357838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.631415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.368585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         269484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        269484                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         2466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         2466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1066831103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1066831103                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1268105                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068099208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1068099208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1068099208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1068099208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222654                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          116                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       271950                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       271950                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009068                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 435263.607915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435263.607915                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84540.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433130.254663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433130.254663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 433130.254663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433130.254663                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          709                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235624453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    235624453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235816753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    235816753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    235816753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    235816753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003171                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002607                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 333745.684136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 333745.684136                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332604.729196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332604.729196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 332604.729196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 332604.729196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              496.066360                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              747005782                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1470483.822835                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    14.066360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.022542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161170                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         161170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       161170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        161170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97500318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97500318                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97500318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97500318                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     97500318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97500318                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       161214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       161214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       161214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2215916.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2215916.318182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2215916.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2215916.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2215916.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2215916.318182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64852746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64852746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64852746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64852746                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     64852746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64852746                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2494336.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494336.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2494336.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494336.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2494336.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2494336.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              117758716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             127032.056095                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   178.308342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    77.691658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.696517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.303483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111738                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        93667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93667                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         205405                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       205405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        205405                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    813369724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    813369724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    103434243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    103434243                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    916803967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    916803967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    916803967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    916803967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       114008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114008                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        93829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93829                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       207837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.019911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019911                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011701                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 358312.653744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 358312.653744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 638482.981481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 638482.981481                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 376975.315378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 376975.315378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 376975.315378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 376975.315378                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      3162890                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 790722.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197407896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    197407896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197600196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    197600196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    197600196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    197600196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005859                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 295520.802395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 295520.802395                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294486.134128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294486.134128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 294486.134128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 294486.134128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              556.597557                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              765428574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1374198.517056                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    13.597557                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.021791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        147676                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         147676                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       147676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        147676                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     16140803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16140803                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       147692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       147692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       147692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       147692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1008800.187500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     15237736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15237736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1088409.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  993                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              287977046                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                 1249                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             230566.089672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   103.659212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   152.340788                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.404919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.595081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       378029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        378029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       206276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       206276                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       584305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         584305                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       584305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        584305                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         3656                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         3656                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1881252041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1881252041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       381685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       381685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       206276                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          104                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          100                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       587961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       587961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       587961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       587961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009579                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 514565.656729                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             169                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         2663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2663                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          993                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    496951915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    496951915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002602                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 500455.100705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              469.738324                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749898351                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1568825.002092                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    14.738324                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.023619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         171876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       171876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        171876                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           32                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           32                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           32                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     87171688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87171688                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171908                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       171908                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       171908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       171908                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2724115.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     53872644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     53872644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2342288.869565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108919306                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             150441.030387                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   137.399227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   118.600773                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.536716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.463284                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       135886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135886                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99964                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         235850                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       235850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        235850                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1209                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         1221                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         1221                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    239089652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    239089652                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1078055                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240167707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    240167707                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    240167707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    240167707                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       137095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137095                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       237071                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       237071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       237071                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008819                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 197758.190240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 197758.190240                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89837.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196697.548731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 196697.548731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 196697.548731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 196697.548731                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          753                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103262345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103262345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208408                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103470753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103470753                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    103470753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103470753                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001974                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 222069.559140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 222069.559140                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69469.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221091.352564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221091.352564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 221091.352564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 221091.352564                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              496.064771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              747005654                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1470483.570866                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    14.064771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.022540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161042                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         161042                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       161042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        161042                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97184895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97184895                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97184895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97184895                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     97184895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97184895                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       161086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       161086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       161086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208747.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2208747.613636                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208747.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2208747.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2208747.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2208747.613636                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64723093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64723093                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64723093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64723093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     64723093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64723093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000161                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489349.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489349.730769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489349.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489349.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2489349.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2489349.730769                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              117758687                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  927                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             127032.024811                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   178.244085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    77.755915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.696266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.303734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        111717                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        93659                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         205376                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        205376                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2270                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2432                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2432                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    824313902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    824313902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    104935318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    104935318                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    929249220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    929249220                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    929249220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    929249220                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       113987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        93821                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          225                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          216                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       207808                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       207808                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019915                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011703                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 363133.877533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 363133.877533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 647748.876543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 647748.876543                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 382092.606908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 382092.606908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 382092.606908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 382092.606908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1897221                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 474305.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             252                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1602                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          159                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1761                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200094694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    200094694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200286994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    200286994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    200286994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    200286994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003229                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 299542.955090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 299542.955090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298490.304024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298490.304024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 298490.304024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 298490.304024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              469.727513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              749898266                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1568824.824268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    14.727513                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.023602                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752768                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171791                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         171791                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        171791                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97736587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171822                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       171822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       171822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3152793.129032                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60630900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2636126.086957                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              108919197                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             150440.879834                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   137.482927                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   118.517073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.537043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.462957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99923                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         235741                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        235741                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    242705484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    242705484                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077119                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243782603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    243782603                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    243782603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    243782603                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137028                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99935                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236963                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236963                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008830                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 200583.044628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 200583.044628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89759.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199494.765139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 199494.765139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 199494.765139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 199494.765139                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106503441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106503441                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208330                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106711771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106711771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    106711771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106711771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003393                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 229039.658065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 229039.658065                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69443.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228016.604701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228016.604701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 228016.604701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228016.604701                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              548.043816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              643101132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1169274.785455                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    22.999632                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   525.044185                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.036858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.841417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       160910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160910                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       160910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         160910                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       160910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        160910                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46618954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     46618954                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46618954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     46618954                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     46618954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     46618954                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       160943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       160943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       160943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       160943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       160943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000205                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412695.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1412695.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412695.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1412695.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1412695.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1412695.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39752608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     39752608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39752608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     39752608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     39752608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     39752608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1656358.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1656358.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1656358.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1656358.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1656358.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1656358.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  706                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              150655090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  962                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             156606.122661                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   161.601619                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    94.398381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.631256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.368744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       220432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220432                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        49463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49463                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       269895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         269895                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       269895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        269895                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2438                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2453                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2453                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1062763558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1062763558                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1269098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269098                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1064032656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1064032656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1064032656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1064032656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       222870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222870                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        49478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49478                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       272348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272348                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       272348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272348                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.010939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010939                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 435916.143560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 435916.143560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84606.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84606.533333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433767.898899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 433767.898899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 433767.898899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 433767.898899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1747                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          706                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    231620971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231620971                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    231813271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231813271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    231813271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231813271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003154                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002592                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 329475.065434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 329475.065434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 328347.409348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328347.409348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 328347.409348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328347.409348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              501.777061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750133866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1494290.569721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    12.777061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.020476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         125936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        125936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     23753024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23753024                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     23753024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23753024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     23753024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23753024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       125956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       125956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1187651.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1187651.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1187651.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1187651.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1187651.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1187651.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17119206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     17119206                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17119206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     17119206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     17119206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     17119206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1316862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1316862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1316862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1316862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1316862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1316862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1107                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              125037076                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             91736.666178                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   190.519867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    65.480133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.744218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.255782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        76785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76785                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       172133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         172133                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       172133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        172133                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2611                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          494                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         3105                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         3105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         3105                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1602249859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1602249859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    449397393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    449397393                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2051647252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2051647252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2051647252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2051647252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        97959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97959                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        77279                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          159                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       175238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       175238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.026654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017719                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.017719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017719                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 613653.718499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 613653.718499                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 909711.321862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 909711.321862                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 660755.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 660755.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 660755.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 660755.958776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             486                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1561                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          436                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1050                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1108                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    659282817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    659282817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     54733016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54733016                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714015833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    714015833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    714015833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    714015833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010719                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000751                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 627888.397143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 627888.397143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 943672.689655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 943672.689655                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 644418.621841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644418.621841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 644418.621841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 644418.621841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              469.726454                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              749898250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1568824.790795                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    14.726454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.023600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.752767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        171775                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         171775                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       171775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        171775                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     97722827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97722827                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       171806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       171806                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       171806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       171806                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000180                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3152349.258065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     60386644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60386644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2625506.260870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  468                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              108919174                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  724                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             150440.848066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   137.306242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   118.693758                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.536353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.463647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        135804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        99914                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         235718                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        235718                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1210                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         1222                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         1222                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    243977745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    243977745                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1077863                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    245055608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    245055608                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    245055608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    245055608                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137014                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        99926                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          250                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          244                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       236940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       236940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008831                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000120                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 201634.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 201634.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 89821.916667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200536.504092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 200536.504092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 200536.504092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 200536.504092                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          745                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          754                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106127975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106127975                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208392                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106336367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106336367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    106336367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106336367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003394                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000030                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 228232.204301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 228232.204301                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69464                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227214.459402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227214.459402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 227214.459402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 227214.459402                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              500.169867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746445163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  504                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1481041.990079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    25.169867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.040336                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.801554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        165487                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         165487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       165487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        165487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     87032998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     87032998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       165525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       165525                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       165525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       165525                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2290342.052632                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       821691                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 410845.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     79850437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     79850437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000175                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2753463.344828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  571                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112808361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  827                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             136406.724305                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   170.442630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    85.557370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.665792                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.334208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       112344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        112344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        94003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        94003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       206347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         206347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       206347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        206347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1858                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    640538928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    640538928                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1154722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1154722                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641693650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    641693650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    641693650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    641693650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       114188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       114188                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        94017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        94017                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          227                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          226                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       208205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       208205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       208205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016149                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008924                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 347363.843818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 347363.843818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 82480.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82480.142857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 345367.949408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 345367.949408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 345367.949408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 345367.949408                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             132                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1276                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1287                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184748827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    184748827                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184941127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    184941127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    184941127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    184941127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000032                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002742                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 325262.019366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 325262.019366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323889.889667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323889.889667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 323889.889667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323889.889667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              548.113610                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              643100577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1169273.776364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    23.069753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.043857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.036971                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878387                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        160355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         160355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       160355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        160355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     52636244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     52636244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       160390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       160390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       160390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       160390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000218                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1503892.685714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     44900294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     44900294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1870845.583333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  710                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              150654955                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  966                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             155957.510352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   162.326483                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    93.673517                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.634088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.365912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       220381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        49379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49379                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       269760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         269760                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       269760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        269760                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2443                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1056655790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1056655790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1267061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1267061                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1057922851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1057922851                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1057922851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1057922851                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       222824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        49394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49394                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       272218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272218                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       272218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272218                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010964                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000304                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 432523.860008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 432523.860008                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84470.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84470.733333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 430399.858015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430399.858015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 430399.858015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430399.858015                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1748                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          707                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237614004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    237614004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237806304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    237806304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    237806304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    237806304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003173                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000061                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 336087.700141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336087.700141                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334938.456338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334938.456338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 334938.456338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 334938.456338                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              501.727156                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750131727                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1494286.308765                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    12.727156                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.020396                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        123797                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         123797                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        123797                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           26                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33046204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     33046204                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33046204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     33046204                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     33046204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     33046204                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       123823                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       123823                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       123823                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271007.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1271007.846154                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271007.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1271007.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1271007.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1271007.846154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20556469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20556469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20556469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     20556469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     20556469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     20556469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1581266.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1581266.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1581266.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1581266.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1581266.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1581266.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              125034322                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             92412.654841                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   189.685115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    66.314885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.740957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.259043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         93591                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75794                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         169385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        169385                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          479                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         3047                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         3047                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1660229044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1660229044                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    489422643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    489422643                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2149651687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2149651687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2149651687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2149651687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        96159                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76273                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          155                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          150                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       172432                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       172432                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.026706                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.006280                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.017671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 646506.637072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 646506.637072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1021759.171190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1021759.171190                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705497.764030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 705497.764030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 705497.764030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 705497.764030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1528                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          421                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1040                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           58                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1098                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    672990582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    672990582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     60567267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60567267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733557849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    733557849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    733557849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    733557849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010815                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000760                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 647106.328846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 647106.328846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 1044263.224138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1044263.224138                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668085.472678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668085.472678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 668085.472678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 668085.472678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              547.995364                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              643101433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1169275.332727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    22.952295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   525.043069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.036783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.841415                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.878198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        161211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         161211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        161211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53989187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     53989187                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53989187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     53989187                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     53989187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     53989187                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       161245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       161245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       161245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000211                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1587917.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1587917.264706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1587917.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1587917.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1587917.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1587917.264706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47520526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     47520526                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47520526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     47520526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     47520526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     47520526                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000149                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1980021.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980021.916667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1980021.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980021.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1980021.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1980021.916667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  716                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              150655610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  972                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             154995.483539                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   162.505247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    93.494753                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.634786                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.365214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        220606                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        49809                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         270415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        270415                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2445                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2460                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2460                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1050135671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1050135671                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1269170                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051404841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1051404841                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1051404841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1051404841                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       223051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        49824                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          119                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          118                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       272875                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       272875                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010962                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000301                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009015                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 429503.341922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429503.341922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84611.333333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427400.341870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427400.341870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 427400.341870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427400.341870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1744                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          716                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    233991475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    233991475                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234183775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    234183775                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    234183775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    234183775                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003197                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002624                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 328178.786816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 328178.786816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327072.311453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327072.311453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 327072.311453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 327072.311453                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
