
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.108734                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                108734097327                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               621343300215                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 301027                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   383420                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1942204                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67753892                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 55984.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 16852942164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   21465735743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      4292352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      1077248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1077888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2274432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      2282624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      1481856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3665536                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      2283392                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1480704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      4299776                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      2275712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2284928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      1479040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      2274048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2273920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      3678848                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             38561664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         5760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         5632                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           79360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     11421696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          11421696                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        17769                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        17833                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        11577                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        28637                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        17839                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        11568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        33592                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        17851                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        11555                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        17766                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        28741                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                301263                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           89232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                89232                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52973                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     39475676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data      9907177                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9913063                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43556                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     20917376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     20992716                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     13628255                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45910                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     33711008                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     20999779                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48265                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13617660                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51796                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     39543953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     20929148                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     21013905                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     13602357                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     20913844                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42379                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     20912667                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44733                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     33833435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               354641874                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        52973                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        44733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        44733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        43556                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        49442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        45910                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        48265                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        51796                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        49442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        42379                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        44733                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             729854                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         105042450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              105042450                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         105042450                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        52973                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     39475676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        44733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data      9907177                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        44733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9913063                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        43556                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     20917376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     20992716                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        49442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     13628255                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        45910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     33711008                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     20999779                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        48265                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13617660                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        51796                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     39543953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     20929148                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     21013905                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        49442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     13602357                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     20913844                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        42379                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     20912667                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        44733                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     33833435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              459684324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       17564394                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15848414                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       924224                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6927160                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6295833                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS         971784                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        41044                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186556837                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            110373816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          17564394                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches      7267617                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            21841984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       2898066                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     26056981                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           11                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        10704428                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes       927581                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    236406442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547703                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      214564458     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1         781664      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1594405      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3         679997      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        3630340      1.54%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        3242198      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         632091      0.27%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        1305093      0.55%     95.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8        9976196      4.22%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    236406442                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.067360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.423288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      184632622                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     27992931                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        21761400                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        69344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      1950139                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      1541611                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          490                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    129418199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2716                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      1950139                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      184877709                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles      26007436                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      1137318                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        21613383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       820451                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    129346071                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       418860                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       267242                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents        14372                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    151851353                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    609185519                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    609185519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    134722849                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       17128493                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        15539                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8104                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1884723                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     30535788                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores     15443399                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140804                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores       747792                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        129102171                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15583                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       124143867                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70792                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined      9924631                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     23706245                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          603                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236406442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191799803     81.13%     81.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13642889      5.77%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11024755      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4747085      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5939070      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5634786      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3204575      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255279      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158200      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236406442                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312948     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2386544     86.18%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69760      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77876476     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1082240      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7432      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29772717     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15405002     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    124143867                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.476097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2769252                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487534220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139045619                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123087532                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    126913119                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       225115                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1187751                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          487                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3242                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        98062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10953                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      1950139                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles      25370197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       241609                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129117833                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30535788                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15443399                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8104                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       149493                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          149                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3242                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       541686                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       541092                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      1082778                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123281694                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29677425                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       862173                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                  79                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           45080638                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       16155209                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores         15403213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.472791                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            123090733                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           123087532                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        66500013                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       131268999                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472046                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.506593                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    117516369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11615241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14980                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts       944609                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234456303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501229                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319687                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191672846     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15746187      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7335654      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7211190      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1994243      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8255761      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       627581      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458687      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1154154      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234456303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    117516369                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             44693366                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            29348034                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars              7478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         15518719                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       104500046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      1138202                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      1154154                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          362433460                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         260213552                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               4010326                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              24346790                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           117516369                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.607532                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.607532                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.383504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.383504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      609501888                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     142936114                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     154128046                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        14958                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       22620503                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18835333                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056166                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8593445                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8268368                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2434685                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95315                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196819871                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            124109521                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          22620503                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     10703053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            25867984                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       5723449                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     17865784                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1634                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        12222154                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1965317                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    244204025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624596                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987424                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      218336041     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        1585614      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1994732      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3185538      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1340040      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        1713389      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6        2001499      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         916231      0.38%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       13130941      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    244204025                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.086751                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.475965                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      195662407                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     19136737                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        25744632                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        12125                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3648116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      3441797                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          554                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    151706056                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2646                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3648116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      195861522                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        632689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles     17950064                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        25557651                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       553976                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    150767599                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          128                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        79750                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       386499                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    210579757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    701109508                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    701109508                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    176224773                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       34354984                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        36466                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18989                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1946048                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     14116936                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      7381775                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82613                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        147204103                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36600                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       141236450                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       143123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17832298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36296811                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1348                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244204025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578354                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184362876     75.50%     75.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27290930     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11159052      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6253840      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8471271      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2612979      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2564422      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1379855      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108800      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244204025                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        974093     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead       132762     10.77%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125876     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    118984904     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1930748      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17476      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12943639      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7359683      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    141236450                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.541648                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1232731                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008728                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528052779                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165073677                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137560238                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    142469181                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104707                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2663556                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           33                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          679                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103646                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3648116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        481057                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60360                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147240709                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115768                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14116936                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7381775                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18990                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52593                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          679                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1219326                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1155054                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      2374380                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138777002                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12731300                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459448                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           20090284                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       19624591                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          7358984                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.532216                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            137560696                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           137560238                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        82417678                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       221409825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.527550                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.372240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102523686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    126332468                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20908808                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35252                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      2073739                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240555909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525169                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.343961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187086134     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27098542     11.26%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9839016      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4902469      2.04%     95.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4482773      1.86%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1881100      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1863757      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       887591      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514527      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240555909                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    102523686                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    126332468                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             18731509                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            11453380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars             17586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         18311244                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       113740625                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      2608743                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      2514527                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          385281943                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         298130683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               2984825                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              16549207                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         102523686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           126332468                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    102523686                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.543346                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.543346                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.393183                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.393183                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      624435974                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     192223462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     140305820                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        35222                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 55                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       22628155                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18841254                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2056313                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8602018                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8273759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2435977                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        95547                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    196924753                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            124149246                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          22628155                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     10709736                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            25876610                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5720847                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles     17763839                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1660                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           82                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12227691                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1966009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    244212853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      218336243     89.40%     89.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1586072      0.65%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1996799      0.82%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3186614      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1340557      0.55%     92.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        1714931      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        2002239      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         915546      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       13133852      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    244212853                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086780                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476118                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      195767101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     19034472                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        25753878                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        12038                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3645356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3443347                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          553                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    151750304                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         2640                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3645356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      195964887                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles        631480                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles     17850062                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        25568128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       552933                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    150818147                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          135                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        79621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       385789                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    210655328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    701355220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    701355220                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    176331449                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       34323871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        36452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18964                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1939039                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     14114738                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      7385008                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82592                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1678762                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        147250424                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36588                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       141299996                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       141000                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17810780                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36213356                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1312                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    244212853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    184335353     75.48%     75.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     27314947     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11163897      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6258458      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8472630      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2612415      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2565620      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1380698      0.57%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       108835      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    244212853                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        973563     79.06%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead       131933     10.71%     89.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125919     10.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119038862     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1931925      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17487      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12949023      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7362699      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    141299996                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.541892                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1231415                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008715                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528185260                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165098469                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    137624155                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    142531411                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       104602                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2654443                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           46                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          680                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102485                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            4                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3645356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles        480314                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        60559                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    147287018                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       115588                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14114738                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7385008                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18965                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52790                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           61                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          680                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1219860                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1154461                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2374321                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    138840455                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12737555                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2459541                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           20099578                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       19634441                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          7362023                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.532459                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            137624624                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           137624155                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        82454041                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       221493078                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.527795                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372265                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts    102585764                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    126408886                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20878672                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35276                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      2073896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    240567497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525461                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    187061192     77.76%     77.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     27116788     11.27%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9847044      4.09%     93.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4905340      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4486813      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1883476      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1864606      0.78%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       888182      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2514056      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    240567497                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts    102585764                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    126408886                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             18742818                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            11460295                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             17598                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         18322311                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       113809434                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2610316                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2514056                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          385340284                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         298220489                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2984866                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              16540379                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts         102585764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           126408886                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total    102585764                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.541807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.541807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.393421                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.393421                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      624731632                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     192312545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     140353702                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        35246                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19171447                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15720117                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1878992                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8083671                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7500296                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84472                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183125201                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            108923924                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19171447                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9468943                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            23970623                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5323225                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     17212571                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11282618                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868384                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    227719637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.921488                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      203749014     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2596241      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        2998055      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1654281      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1919977      0.84%     93.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1052182      0.46%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         713306      0.31%     94.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1855022      0.81%     95.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11181559      4.91%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    227719637                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.073523                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.417728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      181653828                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     18712420                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        23782634                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       177112                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3393640                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3113016                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        17602                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    132996237                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        87701                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3393640                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      181931358                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       5996990                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     11928417                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        23689950                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       779279                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    132915537                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       203689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       360290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents            3                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    184677130                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    618839031                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    618839031                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    157830538                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       26846592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        35083                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2097224                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     12713652                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      6912036                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179954                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1536191                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        132701340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35168                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       125466009                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177987                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16506412                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38081616                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4170                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227719637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243591                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174848127     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21266904      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11430150      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7904000      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6911625      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3548135      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       846063      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       553812      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       410821      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227719637                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32703     12.03%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       117321     43.17%     55.21% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121728     44.79%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105017546     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1959910      1.56%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.26% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15369      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11609810      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6863374      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    125466009                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.481168                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            271752                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002166                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479101394                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149244111                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123383754                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    125737761                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       315092                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2255631                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          752                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1193                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       145336                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7687                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3774                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3393640                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       5559534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132736625                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12713652                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6912036                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19689                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95896                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1193                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089521                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053901                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2143422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123620626                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10900529                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1845383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           17762309                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17299194                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          6861780                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.474090                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            123385669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           123383754                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        73335159                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       192089621                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.473182                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381776                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92683400                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    113710258                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19027587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1889857                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224325997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506897                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323384                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177873104     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21540876      9.60%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9028832      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5424576      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756635      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2425111      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258007      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012995      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2005861      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224325997                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     92683400                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    113710258                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17224721                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10458021                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15466                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16273488                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       102514640                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2313383                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2005861                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          355057357                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         268869395                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2806577                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              33033595                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          92683400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           113710258                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     92683400                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.813376                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.813376                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.355445                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.355445                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      557634806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     171235748                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     124103256                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        30968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       19182524                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15732037                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879360                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7884046                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7489096                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1968116                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        83781                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183193354                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            109070546                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          19182524                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9457212                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23987754                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5343661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     17170377                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11286328                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868553                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    227783414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585433                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.922593                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      203795660     89.47%     89.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        2600560      1.14%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        3009969      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        1652828      0.73%     92.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        1898927      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        1045552      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6         717673      0.32%     94.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1854565      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11207680      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    227783414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.073566                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.418290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      181693006                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     18699018                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23787192                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles       189867                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3414328                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3112271                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred        17603                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    133135137                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts        87514                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3414328                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      181984406                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       5839719                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     12043634                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        23694088                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles       807236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    133055142                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       204765                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       374582                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.FullRegisterEvents           63                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    184911243                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    619504986                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    619504986                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    157899826                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27011381                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34877                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19469                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         2166912                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12701191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6918613                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182774                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1535748                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        132842477                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34933                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       125538498                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175310                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16592596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38409203                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3922                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227783414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243841                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174884467     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21280950      9.34%     86.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11428669      5.02%     91.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7912336      3.47%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6918543      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3536213      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       859218      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551487      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411531      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227783414                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32325     11.99%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115303     42.78%     54.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121873     45.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105079348     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963820      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15376      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11611124      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6868830      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    125538498                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.481446                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269501                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002147                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479305220                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149471200                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123451984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    125807999                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316553                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238608                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          753                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1196                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148974                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7689                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3120                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3414328                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       5394879                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       136178                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132877525                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        63767                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12701191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6918613                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19442                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        95330                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1196                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090169                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1054369                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2144538                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123688266                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10904301                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1850231                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 115                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           17771459                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       17304435                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6867158                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.474350                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            123453828                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           123451984                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        73372854                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       192174863                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.473444                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.381803                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92724016                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    113760141                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19118618                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31011                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1890261                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224369086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507022                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177894434     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21551053      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9032519      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5429141      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3755891      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2428865      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1258129      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012468      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2006586      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224369086                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     92724016                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    113760141                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17232222                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10462583                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             15472                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         16280677                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       102559576                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2314402                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2006586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          355240635                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         269171932                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2805660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              32969818                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          92724016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           113760141                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     92724016                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.812143                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.812143                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.355601                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.355601                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      557945820                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     171339898                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     124258509                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        30982                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              260753228                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       20214530                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16539213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968413                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8336436                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7954774                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087726                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89765                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194512851                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            113063382                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          20214530                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches     10042500                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23594931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5375906                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     10457492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11897180                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970112                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    231947082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598548                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934174                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      208352151     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        1098234      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1744587      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        2366242      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        2432660      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        2061025      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6        1158176      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1711575      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11022432      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    231947082                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.077524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.433603                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      192513143                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     12474478                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23550981                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        27041                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3381436                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3328377                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    138723039                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1957                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3381436                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      193041833                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       1755886                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      9493342                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23055300                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles      1219282                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    138672350                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          178                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       179709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       523983                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    193484325                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    645144358                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    645144358                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    167775077                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       25709248                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        34368                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17874                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         3601945                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     12971230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7035846                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82859                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1730277                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        138505544                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34491                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       131524046                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18006                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15314998                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36698032                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1229                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231947082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567043                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259496                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176258014     75.99%     75.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22927903      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11596540      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8737591      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6870113      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2785454      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738656      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911856      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120955      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231947082                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25397     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80343     36.89%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112070     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110614809     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1966121      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16490      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11912673      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7013953      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    131524046                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.504400                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217810                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495230990                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153855575                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129568859                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    131741856                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       269032                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2072169                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          544                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102307                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3381436                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       1461251                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118778                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138540176                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        34609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12971230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7035846                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17878                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          544                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1108690                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2251681                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129726239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11212302                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1797807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18225994                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       18432947                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7013692                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.497506                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            129569072                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           129568859                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        74374283                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       200408704                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.496902                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371113                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97801900                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    120343678                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18196515                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1993360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228565646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526517                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373224                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179160649     78.38%     78.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24505785     10.72%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9237345      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4412404      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3734231      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2130763      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1848562      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       843376      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2692531      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228565646                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     97801900                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    120343678                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17832600                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10899061                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             16594                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         17353618                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       108428268                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2478099                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2692531                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          364412632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         280461873                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2943789                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              28806146                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          97801900                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           120343678                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     97801900                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.666137                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.666137                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.375075                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.375075                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      583868029                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     180478908                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128613148                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        33232                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       18297706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     14964657                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1790625                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7647756                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7226565                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1882624                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79286                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    177702378                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            103808083                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          18297706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9109189                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            21761856                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5204288                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8299709                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        10929021                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1801720                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    211137968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600778                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.945072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      189376112     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1183078      0.56%     90.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1865345      0.88%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        2969037      1.41%     92.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1228935      0.58%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1376530      0.65%     93.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1464065      0.69%     94.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         955581      0.45%     94.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       10719285      5.08%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    211137968                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.070172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.398109                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      176003208                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10012073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        21694730                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        54369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3373585                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      2998940                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          444                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    126768249                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2826                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3373585                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      176275273                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       2025957                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      7183310                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        21481577                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       798263                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    126683947                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        27856                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       217176                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       293266                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        58328                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    175872852                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    589306782                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    589306782                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    150135144                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       25737708                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        32865                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18348                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2351612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     12082386                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6491999                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195945                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1474351                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        126505532                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32961                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       119774171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151706                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15969394                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35510682                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3686                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211137968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567279                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.260462                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160598201     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20308975      9.62%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11096205      5.26%     90.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7555593      3.58%     94.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7057566      3.34%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2028963      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1584457      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       539878      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       368130      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211137968                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27667     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85350     38.56%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108331     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100336123     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1891713      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14516      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11074689      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6457130      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    119774171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.459339                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221348                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001848                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451059364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142509189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    117844878                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    119995519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       360865                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2173504                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          321                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1330                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       192982                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7475                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3373585                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1254557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109633                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126538619                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49907                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12082386                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6491999                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18338                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        81291                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1330                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1047773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1020842                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2068615                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118064089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10414816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1710082                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 126                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           16870285                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       16619510                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6455469                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.452781                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            117845680                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           117844878                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        68907086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       179988396                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.451940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88190119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    108097708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18441484                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29275                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1828929                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    207764383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520290                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372312                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    163882382     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21251093     10.23%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8272868      3.98%     93.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4459443      2.15%     95.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3336146      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1864072      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1150035      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1029356      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2518988      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    207764383                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88190119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    108097708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             16207899                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads             9908882                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             14606                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15517117                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        97403807                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2195888                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2518988                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          331784002                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         256452166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               2881715                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              49615264                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88190119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           108097708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88190119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.956717                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.956717                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.338213                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.338213                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      532415508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     163347972                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     118242789                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        29248                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              260753070                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19202674                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15749918                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1879240                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7903772                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7495295                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1967592                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84155                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    183196716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            109170548                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19202674                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9462887                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            24007404                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5349457                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     17187546                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11288222                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1868316                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    227829202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585837                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      203821798     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        2601202      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        3013276      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        1653224      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1902548      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1045898      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         713670      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1859010      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11218576      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    227829202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.073643                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.418674                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      181706653                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     18706067                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23808107                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles       188406                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3419966                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3114563                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred        17571                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    133254218                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts        87418                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3419966                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      181996274                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       6107109                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles     11787093                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23714822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       803935                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    133173068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          198                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       205566                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       372052                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    185068699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    620035407                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    620035407                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    157944871                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27123771                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34838                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19427                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2158096                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     12713840                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6922766                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       182694                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1539254                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        132954211                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34908                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       125611372                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       176332                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16678600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38593472                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3889                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227829202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551340                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244028                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174906427     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21280750      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11435365      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7923966      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6922739      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3538093      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       858078      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       552167      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411617      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227829202                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         33014     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead       116740     42.98%     55.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121834     44.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    105142999     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965473      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15380      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11613902      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6873618      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    125611372                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.481725                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            271588                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002162                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    479499866                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149668918                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123521308                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    125882960                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       316717                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2248224                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          738                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1202                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       151166                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7691                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3485                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3419966                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       5650985                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137775                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132989229                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        65117                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12713840                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6922766                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19416                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        97041                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1202                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1089663                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1056847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2146510                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123757745                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10906999                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1853627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 110                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           17779029                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17315557                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6872030                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.474617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            123523226                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           123521308                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        73421343                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       192307669                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473710                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.381791                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92750486                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    113792671                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19197626                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31019                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1890108                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    224409236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507077                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323561                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177919624     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21559270      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9036681      4.03%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5430226      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3756774      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2426280      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1259865      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1012453      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2008063      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    224409236                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     92750486                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    113792671                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17237174                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10465599                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16285341                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       102588925                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2315076                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2008063                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          355390846                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         269400708                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               2805598                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              32923868                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          92750486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           113792671                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     92750486                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.811339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.811339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.355702                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.355702                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      558231723                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     171436358                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     124365336                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        30990                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              260752837                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       20202341                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16529495                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1968922                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8312489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7947095                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2087218                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89819                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194448473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            112997154                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          20202341                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10034313                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23575008                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5376357                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     10467283                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          671                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11893949                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1970752                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231873221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598407                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      208298213     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1093383      0.47%     90.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1739205      0.75%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2362883      1.02%     92.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2430640      1.05%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2060742      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1160844      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1715630      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11011681      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231873221                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077477                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.433350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      192450260                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     12483119                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23531673                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        26761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3381405                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3326078                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          371                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    138648801                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1932                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3381405                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      192975847                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1749840                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      9507111                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23038879                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1220136                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    138602284                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          161                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       179858                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       524156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    193388924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    644808273                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    644808273                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    167704070                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       25684774                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        34371                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17886                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3601603                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     12965111                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7032158                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82740                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1673858                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        138447695                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       131483016                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15300451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36621069                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231873221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567047                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176243571     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22879043      9.87%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11572623      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8739801      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6877621      2.97%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2789449      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737836      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       911637      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121640      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231873221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25386     11.65%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80336     36.85%     48.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112274     51.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110582588     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1965428      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16483      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11907814      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7010703      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    131483016                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.504244                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217996                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    495075217                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153783170                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129526748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    131701012                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       270195                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2070637                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101551                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3381405                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1455672                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118551                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138482326                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7583                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12965111                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7032158                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17888                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99973                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1144517                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1109151                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2253668                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129682752                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11206202                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 137                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           18216625                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       18424995                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7010423                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.497340                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            129526974                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           129526748                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        74349534                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       200353231                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.496741                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371092                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97760458                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    120292743                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18189531                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33246                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1993856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228491816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526464                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373722                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179137990     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24465256     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9237918      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4410511      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3713308      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2129078      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1859986      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       840572      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2697197      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228491816                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts     97760458                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    120292743                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             17825060                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            10894462                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             16586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         17346302                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       108382369                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2477058                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2697197                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          364276217                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         280346080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               2943611                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              28879616                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts          97760458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           120292743                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total     97760458                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.667263                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.667263                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374916                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374916                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      583671067                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     180421007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     128539984                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        33216                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       17572252                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15857387                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       918276                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      6490536                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6285517                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS         965540                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        40406                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    186263340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            110400141                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          17572252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches      7251057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            21842413                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       2907332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     26452412                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        10684323                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes       921663                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    236524304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847698                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      214681891     90.77%     90.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1         778631      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1599781      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3         681047      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        3625465      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        3230042      1.37%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         620976      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        1306150      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       10000321      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    236524304                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.067390                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.423389                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      184321980                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     28405592                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        21761148                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        69927                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      1965651                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      1541185                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          489                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    129483141                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2705                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      1965651                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      184569948                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles      26416197                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      1144556                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        21612651                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       815295                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    129408360                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents         2279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       417920                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       268539                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents         7665                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    151902028                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    609424149                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    609424149                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    134638484                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       17263521                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        15385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7956                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1892470                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     30532167                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores     15440868                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       140341                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores       750576                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        129154547                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15430                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       124087959                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        79670                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10094188                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     24333680                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          458                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    236524304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524631                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315117                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    191957422     81.16%     81.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     13608233      5.75%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11013964      4.66%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      4755245      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5946411      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      5629278      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3200276      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       255427      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       158048      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    236524304                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        312540     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2385164     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        69659      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     77836959     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1083890      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7428      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     29765463     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     15394219     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    124087959                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.475883                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2767363                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022302                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    487547253                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    139267334                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123018263                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    126855322                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       222881                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1205080                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          465                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3175                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106369                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        10946                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      1965651                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles      25788428                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       243947                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    129170052                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1366                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     30532167                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     15440868                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7955                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       150699                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          103                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3175                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       534207                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       544669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      1078876                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123224108                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     29661208                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       863849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                  75                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           45053884                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       16143802                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores         15392676                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472570                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            123021590                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           123018263                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        66458742                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       131206097                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471780                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.506522                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99934887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    117440259                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     11744165                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        14972                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts       938400                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    234558653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191803081     81.77%     81.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     15739823      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7329383      3.12%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7205813      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      1993726      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8242884      3.51%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       629001      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       458635      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1156307      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    234558653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99934887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    117440259                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             44661572                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            29327078                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars              7474                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         15508850                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       104432457                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      1137590                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      1156307                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          362586471                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         260334704                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3996435                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              24228928                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99934887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           117440259                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99934887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.609231                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.609231                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.383255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.383255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      609128151                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     142846948                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     154116687                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        14950                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       17918696                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16001354                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1427417                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11998218                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11703057                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1076481                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43309                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189389427                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            101771339                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          17918696                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     12779538                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            22695504                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       4681167                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      7592904                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles         1658                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11458471                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1400864                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    222925222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747223                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      200229718     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        3459867      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1746013      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        3426284      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        1097344      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        3171626      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6         500171      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7         806330      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8        8487869      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    222925222                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.068719                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.390298                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      187540268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      9487406                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        22650311                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        18254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3228979                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      1689917                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred        16750                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    113844588                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts        31687                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3228979                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      187750196                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       6221170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      2603498                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22444284                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles       677091                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    113677364                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          216                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents        88458                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521419                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    148981302                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    515210096                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    515210096                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    120860872                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       28120420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        15276                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7734                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         1549762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     20515387                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      3330102                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20868                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores       754301                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        113092082                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15328                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       105918891                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68235                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20375091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41723204                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          124                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222925222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475132                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176481341     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14615646      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15573680      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8995133      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4652593      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1166251      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1381807      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32151      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26620      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222925222                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177067     57.11%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73143     23.59%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59855     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83051502     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830408      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18728221     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3301220      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    105918891                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.406204                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310065                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002927                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435141304                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133482775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103233056                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    106228956                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        83603                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4184480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          111                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77314                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3228979                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       5438557                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82102                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113107494                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14945                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20515387                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3330102                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7733                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38314                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2174                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964789                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      1512659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104579971                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18459877                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1338920                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                  84                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           21760919                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       15897842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          3301042                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.401069                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            103257364                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           103233056                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        62472985                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       136059272                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.395903                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.459160                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82238814                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps     92589335                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20522700                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15204                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1418475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219696243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421443                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288941                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185223976     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13543454      6.16%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8698944      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2742905      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4543194      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888497      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       561997      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514173      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2979103      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219696243                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     82238814                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps     92589335                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19583691                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            16330903                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         14205425                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts        80916552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      1158084                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2979103                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          329828876                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         229455564                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               4229031                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              37828010                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          82238814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps            92589335                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     82238814                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.170683                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.170683                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.315389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.315389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      486124481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     134508815                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     120917574                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        15190                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 48                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19168600                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15722555                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1877771                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7892910                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7486174                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1965599                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        84180                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    182988556                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            108977816                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19168600                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9451773                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            23967349                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5341025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     16993539                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11274613                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1867171                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    227380048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585938                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      203412699     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2597212      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3009524      1.32%     91.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1650912      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1898572      0.83%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1045472      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         716181      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1853031      0.81%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11196445      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    227380048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.073512                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.417935                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      181495775                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     18514540                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        23768191                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       188489                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3413050                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3108306                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        17555                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    133015285                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        87185                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3413050                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      181786112                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       6066071                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     11634964                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        23674489                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       805359                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    132933845                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          214                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       206503                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       371952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           32                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    184740070                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    618922586                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    618922586                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    157710096                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27029964                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        34759                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19375                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2160866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     12688009                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      6909661                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       179693                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1533066                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        132717534                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34833                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       125403171                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       175375                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16609063                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38435444                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3858                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227380048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551514                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244170                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174537722     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21256904      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11416889      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7906947      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6909654      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3532324      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       857026      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       551400      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       411182      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227380048                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         32787     12.16%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       115050     42.69%     54.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121691     45.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    104970283     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1961602      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15358      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11595654      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6860274      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    125403171                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.480927                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            269528                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    478631290                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149362639                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    123319837                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    125672699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       314400                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2237922                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          798                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1211                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       148061                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7682                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3547                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3413050                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       5613780                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       137983                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    132752484                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        62829                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12688009                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6909661                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19365                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        96708                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1211                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1090440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1053176                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2143616                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    123554564                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10890207                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1848604                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 117                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           17748917                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17286221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          6858710                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.473837                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            123321692                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           123319837                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        73297340                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       191968446                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.472937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381820                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     92612784                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    113623630                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19130085                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        30975                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1888554                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223966998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323785                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177545079     79.27%     79.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21528420      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9021923      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5423848      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3750559      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2425004      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1256686      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1011384      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2004095      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223966998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     92612784                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    113623630                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17211682                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10450082                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15454                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16261089                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       102436568                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2311630                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2004095                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354715994                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         268920554                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2803297                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              33373184                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          92612784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           113623630                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     92612784                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.815521                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.815521                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.355174                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.355174                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      557337889                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     171156767                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     124147676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        30946                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20178072                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16508110                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1966819                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8297974                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7938885                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2084625                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89739                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    194252166                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            112870101                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20178072                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10023510                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23549119                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5368976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     10564816                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11881477                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1968580                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    231742621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598072                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933505                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      208193502     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1091288      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        1737672      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        2362473      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2428494      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        2057884      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1157576      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1714042      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       10999690      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    231742621                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.432862                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      192254148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     12579827                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23505857                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        26639                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3376147                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3323592                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          375                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    138491967                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1964                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3376147                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      192778674                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1756075                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      9600164                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23014143                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles      1217415                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    138446199                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          180                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       179391                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       523095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    193166413                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    644086637                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    644086637                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    167519821                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       25646592                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34314                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17846                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         3596396                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     12949923                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7024732                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82861                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1723761                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        138290699                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34437                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       131333792                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        18004                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15276362                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36581637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1226                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231742621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566723                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259287                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176137905     76.01%     76.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22893998      9.88%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11576863      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8720472      3.76%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6863031      2.96%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2781899      1.20%     98.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737170      0.75%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       910251      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       121032      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231742621                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25371     11.66%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        80224     36.88%     48.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       111909     51.45%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    110457072     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1963392      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16465      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11893891      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7002972      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    131333792                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.503671                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            217504                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001656                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    494645713                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153602029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    129380248                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    131551296                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268736                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2067416                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           94                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          533                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101710                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3376147                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1462056                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       118494                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    138325278                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7218                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12949923                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7024732                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17849                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99866                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          533                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1142220                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1107611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2249831                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    129536152                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11193561                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1797640                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 142                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18196268                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18405056                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7002707                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.496777                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            129380485                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           129380248                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74262748                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       200120004                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.496179                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.371091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97653107                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    120160659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18164633                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33211                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1991724                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    228366474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526175                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.372845                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    179036824     78.40%     78.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24468459     10.71%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9223683      4.04%     93.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4404353      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3728429      1.63%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2128892      0.93%     97.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1845941      0.81%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       841191      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2688702      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    228366474                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     97653107                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    120160659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17805529                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10882507                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16568                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17327246                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       108263364                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2474340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2688702                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          364002388                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         280026784                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               2940294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              29010611                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          97653107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           120160659                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     97653107                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.670199                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.670199                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.374504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.374504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      583009717                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     180212563                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     128395469                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       17920198                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16001284                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1429363                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11997988                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11704620                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1077081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43318                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189447210                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            101767251                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          17920198                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     12781701                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            22697559                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       4684335                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      7506042                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11463046                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1402802                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    222897767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747227                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      200200208     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        3461533      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1745703      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3426756      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1099577      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        3172205      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6         499917      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         804651      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8        8487217      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    222897767                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.068725                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.390282                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      187596310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      9400481                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        22652568                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        18209                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3230195                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      1691281                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred        16761                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    113841083                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts        31794                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3230195                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      187805985                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       6167510                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      2570640                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        22446805                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       676628                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    113675281                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          226                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        88683                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       520809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    148976112                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    515193658                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    515193658                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    120863668                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28112376                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        15268                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7727                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1547251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     20516907                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      3329847                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20927                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores       753312                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        113092440                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15319                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       105923335                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68292                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20373400                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41700076                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          117                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222897767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088590                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176448547     79.16%     79.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14621275      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15571998      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8994517      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4657376      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1164855      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380338      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32182      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26679      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222897767                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        177154     57.10%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73170     23.58%     80.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59921     19.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     83057527     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       830004      0.78%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7540      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18727379     17.68%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3300885      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    105923335                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.406221                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            310245                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002929                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    435122974                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133481427                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103236398                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    106233580                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82778                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4185262                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          275                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        77049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3230195                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       5383460                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        82066                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    113107839                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14919                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20516907                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3329847                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7726                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38326                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2145                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          275                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       965501                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       548660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      1514161                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104583901                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18460467                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1339434                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                  80                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           21761170                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       15900288                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          3300703                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.401084                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            103260997                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           103236398                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        62469716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       136044385                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.395916                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.459186                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82241203                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps     92591724                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20520662                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15202                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1420408                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219667572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421508                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    185193713     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13545368      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8697412      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2742922      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4544298      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       888930      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       562061      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       514386      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2978482      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219667572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     82241203                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps     92591724                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             19584425                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            16331627                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars              7586                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         14205814                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts        80918564                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      1158090                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2978482                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          329801177                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         229457579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               4231644                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              37855465                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          82241203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps            92591724                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     82241203                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.170591                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.170591                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.315399                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.315399                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      486139701                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     134514550                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     120913244                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        15186                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 23                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              260753224                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       17893251                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15978708                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1425877                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     11989849                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits       11689364                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1074554                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43248                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189149418                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            101621768                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          17893251                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     12763918                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            22662675                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       4674620                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      7575714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11443991                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1399327                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    222628551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511396                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.746990                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      199965876     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        3454500      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        1743932      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        3422703      1.54%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1095799      0.49%     94.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        3168573      1.42%     95.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         499143      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7         804326      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8        8473699      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    222628551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.068621                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.389724                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      187299023                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      9469507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        22617749                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles        18251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3224017                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      1687318                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        16727                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    113670677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        31727                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3224017                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      187508610                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6166150                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      2640338                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        22411867                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       677565                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    113504351                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          192                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents        88905                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       521661                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    148753560                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    514411949                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    514411949                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    120682409                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28071151                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        15225                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7698                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         1550852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     20488713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      3323587                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads        20874                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores       753730                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        112921922                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15276                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       105762892                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        68222                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     20337503                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41643101                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          102                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222628551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475064                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088441                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176249966     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14593442      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15556454      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8983435      4.04%     96.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4644355      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1161753      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1380489      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        32138      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        26519      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222628551                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        176853     57.12%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead        73065     23.60%     80.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        59717     19.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     82926007     78.41%     78.41% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       828911      0.78%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.19% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7526      0.01%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     18705510     17.69%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3294938      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    105762892                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.405605                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            309635                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002928                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    434532192                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    133274977                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    103081623                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    106072527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        82990                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4176381                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          282                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        76764                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3224017                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       5378358                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles        81997                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    112937270                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        14967                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     20488713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3323587                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7697                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        38353                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2183                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          282                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       964026                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       547063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      1511089                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    104426748                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     18437706                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1336144                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                  72                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           21732470                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       15876864                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          3294764                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.400481                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            103106089                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           103081623                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        62378855                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       135826485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.395323                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.459254                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     82125239                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps     92456507                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20485395                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15174                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1416937                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219404534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421397                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288950                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    184984600     84.31%     84.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13522003      6.16%     90.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8685623      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2738623      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4536538      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       886814      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       560921      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       513655      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2975757      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219404534                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     82125239                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps     92456507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             19559155                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            16312332                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars              7572                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         14185499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts        80799004                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      1155965                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2975757                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          329370380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         229110359                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               4224178                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              38124673                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          82125239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps            92456507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     82125239                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.175068                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.175068                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.314954                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.314954                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      485418979                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     134309881                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     120743661                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        15158                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 45                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              260753232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       18346678                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     15004744                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1792692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7638755                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7242041                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1886639                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        79403                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    178110627                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            104099314                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          18346678                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches      9128680                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            21819603                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5216595                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      8119976                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        10952766                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1804021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    211434359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946299                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      189614756     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1185622      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1871714      0.89%     91.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2975475      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1233169      0.58%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1378960      0.65%     93.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1465320      0.69%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         957389      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       10751954      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    211434359                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.070360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.399225                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      176411178                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      9832744                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        21751640                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        55087                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3383707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3007026                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          449                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    127112275                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2848                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3383707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      176683007                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1995605                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      7030540                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        21539456                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       802041                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    127028979                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents        37070                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       218124                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       294189                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents        60902                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    176349239                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    590925483                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    590925483                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    150512400                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       25836839                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        32856                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18301                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         2355129                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     12110232                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      6509026                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196659                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1478200                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        126850476                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        32950                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       120079598                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151988                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16035295                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35715266                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3602                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    211434359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567928                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    160768481     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     20358123      9.63%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11121581      5.26%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      7574847      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7079440      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2033922      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1588610      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       540098      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       369257      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    211434359                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27884     12.58%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.58% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        85293     38.48%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       108471     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    100590581     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1898149      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        14552      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11102040      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6474276      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    120079598                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.460510                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            221648                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    451967191                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    142920059                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    118151255                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    120301246                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       363569                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2176494                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          336                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1369                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       194231                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7486                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3383707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1222544                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       109296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    126883555                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50860                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12110232                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6509026                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18290                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        80825                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1369                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1048292                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1022477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2070769                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    118370953                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     10440830                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1708645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 129                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           16913441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       16661180                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          6472611                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.453958                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            118152047                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           118151255                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        69081797                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       180455720                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.453115                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.382819                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88411655                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    108369246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18514870                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        29348                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      1831090                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    208050652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    164059601     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     21303474     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8294681      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4469854      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3344675      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1867331      0.90%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1152876      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1031043      0.50%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2527117      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    208050652                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts     88411655                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    108369246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             16248533                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads             9933738                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             14642                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         15556126                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts        97648438                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2201399                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2527117                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          332407066                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         257152155                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2886841                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              49318873                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts          88411655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           108369246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total     88411655                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.949308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.949308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.339063                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.339063                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      533800823                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     163771275                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     118571044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        29322                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        33579                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.931789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         198605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        35627                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                         5.574564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.651452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     1.952581                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1836.479040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         205.848717                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001783                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.896718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.100512                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 39358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12506                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               12506                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                  34                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39391                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  39392                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        39391                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 39392                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               33544                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                35                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                33579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               33579                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96547842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  31958564383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32055112225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     54804727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     54804727                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96547842                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32013369110                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    32109916952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96547842                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  32013369110                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   32109916952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72856                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             72902                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12506                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           12506                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72925                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              72971                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        72925                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             72971                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459797                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.507246                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459842                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459842                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2145507.600000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954015.474581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 955613.886984                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1565849.342857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1565849.342857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2145507.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954654.055884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 956249.946455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2145507.600000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 954654.055884                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 956249.946455                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks               5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                    5282                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33544                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           33579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        33534                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          33579                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92596842                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29016871227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29109468069                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     51731727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51731727                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92596842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29068602954                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29161199796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     92596842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  29068602954                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29161199796                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459797                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.507246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459842                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.978261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.459842                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2057707.600000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866201.117257                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 867799.548921                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1478049.342857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1478049.342857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2057707.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866839.713544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868435.623336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2057707.600000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 866839.713544                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 868435.623336                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                         8455                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.236580                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         210158                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        10503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        20.009331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.208081                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     5.664610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1385.657715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         617.706173                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.002766                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.676591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.301614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27538                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 27540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                8569                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  27751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        27749                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 27751                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                8454                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                 8454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                8454                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6815420970                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6935946806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6815420970                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total     6935946806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120525836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6815420970                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total    6935946806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        35954                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             35994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total            8569                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36165                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              36205                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        36165                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             36205                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.234872                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233504                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233504                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809817.130466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820433.736220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809817.130466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 820433.736220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3171732.526316                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 809817.130466                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 820433.736220                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    4410                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total            8454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data         8416                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total           8454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6076215070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6193403900                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6076215070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6193403900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    117188830                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   6076215070                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6193403900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.234077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.234872                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232711                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233504                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.232711                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233504                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721983.729800                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600.414005                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721983.729800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600.414005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3083916.578947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 721983.729800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 732600.414005                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                         8460                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.235771                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         210120                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        10508                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        19.996193                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.206959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     5.662031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1385.784481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         617.582300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.002765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.676653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.301554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 27511                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                8560                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                 211                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  27722                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        27720                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 27722                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                8459                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                 8459                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                8459                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6787651137                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    6894134669                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6787651137                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total     6894134669                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106483532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6787651137                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total    6894134669                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        35930                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             35970                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            8560                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total             211                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36141                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              36181                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        36141                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             36181                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234372                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.235168                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.233797                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.233797                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806038.610260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815005.871734                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806038.610260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815005.871734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2802198.210526                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 806038.610260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815005.871734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    4414                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total            8459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data         8421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total           8459                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6048203124                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151350256                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6048203124                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151350256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    103147132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   6048203124                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6151350256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.234372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235168                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.233004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718228.609904                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727195.916302                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718228.609904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727195.916302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2714398.210526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 718228.609904                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727195.916302                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        17814                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.508781                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         224320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        19862                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        11.293928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.028706                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     2.892592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1648.493433                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         364.094049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.001412                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.804928                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.177780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33677                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 33678                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18395                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total               18395                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 144                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  33822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        33821                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 33822                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17762                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               17799                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17769                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                17806                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17769                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               17806                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72138606                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15036876442                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15109015048                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      5308132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5308132                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72138606                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15042184574                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    15114323180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72138606                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  15042184574                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   15114323180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51439                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             51477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18395                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total           18395                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             151                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51590                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              51628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        51590                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             51628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345766                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.046358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046358                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344890                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344890                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1949692.054054                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846575.635739                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 848868.759369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758304.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 758304.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1949692.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846540.861838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 848833.156239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1949692.054054                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 846540.861838                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 848833.156239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               9695                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    9695                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17762                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17769                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           17806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        17769                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          17806                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68889401                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13476970103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13545859504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      4693532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4693532                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68889401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13481663635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13550553036                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68889401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  13481663635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13550553036                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.345302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.046358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046358                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344890                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.344427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344890                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1861875.702703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758752.961547                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761046.098320                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 670504.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 670504.571429                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1861875.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758718.196578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761010.504100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1861875.702703                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 758718.196578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 761010.504100                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        17877                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.507926                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         224389                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        19925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        11.261681                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.181563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     2.835497                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1650.571750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         361.919117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.001385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.805943                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.176718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 33692                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total               18451                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  33837                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        33836                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 33837                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17825                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               17861                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_misses::total                 8                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17833                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                17869                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17833                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               17869                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15063339525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15138916242                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      7333042                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15070672567                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    15146249284                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75576717                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15070672567                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   15146249284                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             51553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total           18451                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51669                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              51706                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        51669                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             51706                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346009                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346459                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.052288                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345139                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345589                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345139                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345589                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845068.136045                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 847596.228767                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 916630.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845100.239276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 847627.135486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2099353.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 845100.239276                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 847627.135486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               9702                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    9702                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17861                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            8                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           17869                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        17833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          17869                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13498126182                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13570542099                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6630642                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13504756824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13577172741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     72415917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  13504756824                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13577172741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.346009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346459                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.052288                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345139                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345589                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.345139                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345589                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757258.130827                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759786.243715                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 828830.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757290.238547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759817.154905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2011553.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 757290.238547                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 759817.154905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        11624                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.441652                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         187671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        13672                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        13.726668                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.954504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     5.102702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1509.826227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         505.558219                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.002492                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.737220                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.246855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28065                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 28067                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                8971                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  28220                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        28218                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 28220                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               11620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11578                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                11620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11578                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               11620                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9393933117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9480481316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9393933117                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total     9480481316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     86548199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   9393933117                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total    9480481316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             39687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total            8971                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              39840                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        39796                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             39840                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290934                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290934                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811360.607791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815876.188985                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811360.607791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815876.188985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 2060671.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 811360.607791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815876.188985                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5087                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           11619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        11577                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          11619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376103058                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458963657                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376103058                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458963657                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     82860599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   8376103058                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8458963657                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.292031                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291642                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.290909                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291642                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723512.400276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728028.544367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723512.400276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728028.544367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1972871.404762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 723512.400276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 728028.544367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        28685                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.595359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         156503                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        30733                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         5.092344                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.795704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     4.319532                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1648.879159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         382.600964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005760                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.002109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.805117                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.186817                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999802                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35645                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 35646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                7598                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35736                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  35737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        35736                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 35737                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28608                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               28647                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28637                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                28676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28637                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               28676                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67692518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26613565863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26681258381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     25714467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     25714467                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67692518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26639280330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    26706972848                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67692518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  26639280330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   26706972848                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64253                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             64293                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            7598                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              64413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             64413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.445570                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444860                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444860                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1735705.589744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930284.041632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 931380.541802                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 886705.758621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 886705.758621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1735705.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930239.910954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 931335.362254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1735705.589744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 930239.910954                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 931335.362254                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               4310                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    4310                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           28676                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        28637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          28676                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64267415                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24101062906                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24165330321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     23166709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     23166709                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64267415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24124229615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24188497030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64267415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  24124229615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24188497030                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.445240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445570                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444860                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.975000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.444860                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647882.435897                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842458.854376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843555.357315                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 798852.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 798852.034483                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647882.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842414.694800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843510.148905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1647882.435897                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 842414.694800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 843510.148905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        17883                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.507290                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         224399                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        19931                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        11.258793                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.050531                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     2.752241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1650.080972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         362.623545                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015650                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.001344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.805704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.177062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 33747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18405                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               18405                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  33892                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        33891                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 33892                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17833                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               17869                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17840                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                17876                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17840                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               17876                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70017790                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15010375109                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15080392899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6765275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      6765275                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70017790                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15017140384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    15087158174                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70017790                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  15017140384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   15087158174                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             51616                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18405                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           18405                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              51768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        51731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             51768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345741                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944938.611111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841719.010206                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 843941.625105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 966467.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 966467.857143                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944938.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841767.958744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 843989.604721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1944938.611111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841767.958744                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 843989.604721                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               9721                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    9721                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17869                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17840                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           17876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        17840                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          17876                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66856033                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13444555519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13511411552                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      6150675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6150675                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66856033                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13450706194                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13517562227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     66856033                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  13450706194                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13517562227                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.345741                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344861                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345310                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.344861                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345310                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857112.027778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753914.401335                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756136.971963                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 878667.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 878667.857143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857112.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753963.351682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756184.953401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1857112.027778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 753963.351682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 756184.953401                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        11614                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.446420                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         187656                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        13662                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.735617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.960634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     4.994436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1510.527666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         504.963684                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.737562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.246564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 28056                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                8967                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 152                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  28208                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        28206                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 28208                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11571                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               11612                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11571                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                11612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11571                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               11612                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89305008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9423892030                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9513197038                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89305008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9423892030                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total     9513197038                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89305008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9423892030                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total    9513197038                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39625                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             39668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            8967                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              39820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        39777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             39820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.292013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290897                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290897                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178170.926829                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814440.586812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 819255.687048                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178170.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814440.586812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 819255.687048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2178170.926829                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 814440.586812                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 819255.687048                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5083                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5083                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11570                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           11611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        11570                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          11611                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85704212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8407435410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8493139622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85704212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8407435410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8493139622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     85704212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8407435410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8493139622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.291987                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292704                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290872                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291587                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.290872                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291587                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090346.634146                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726658.203111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731473.570063                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090346.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726658.203111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731473.570063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2090346.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 726658.203111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 731473.570063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        33636                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.930147                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         198614                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        35684                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                         5.565912                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.796720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     1.867868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1837.875663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         204.389896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001854                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000912                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.897400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.099800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999966                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 39358                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          12518                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               12518                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                  32                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39389                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  39390                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        39389                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 39390                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33554                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               33598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                38                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33592                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                33636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33592                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               33636                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82175847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32188356454                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   32270532301                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51450965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     51450965                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82175847                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32239807419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    32321983266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82175847                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  32239807419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   32321983266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72911                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             72956                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           12518                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total              70                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              73026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        72981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             73026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460205                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460524                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.542857                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460603                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1867632.886364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 959300.126781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 960489.680963                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1353972.763158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1353972.763158                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1867632.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 959746.589039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 960934.215305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1867632.886364                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 959746.589039                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 960934.215305                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks               5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                    5287                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          33598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33592                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           33636                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        33592                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          33636                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78302897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29238964084                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29317266981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     48112258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     48112258                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78302897                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29287076342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29365379239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     78302897                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  29287076342                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29365379239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460205                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460524                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.542857                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460284                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460603                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.977778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.460284                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460603                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1779611.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 871400.252846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 872589.647628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 1266112.052632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1266112.052632                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1779611.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 871846.759407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873034.226394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1779611.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 871846.759407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 873034.226394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        17816                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.840741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         151034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        19864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                         7.603403                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.782447                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     2.799565                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1665.278373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         349.980356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.001367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.813124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.170889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999922                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33803                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 33804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                6137                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                  66                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33869                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  33870                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        33869                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 33870                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               17815                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                17815                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               17815                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13969807750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14051376658                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13969807750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    14051376658                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81568908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  13969807750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   14051376658                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51582                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             51619                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            6137                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              66                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              51685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        51648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             51685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344674                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345125                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344234                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344234                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785747.665785                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 788738.515745                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785747.665785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 788738.515745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2265803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 785747.665785                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 788738.515745                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17815                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           17815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        17779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          17815                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12408642394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12487050502                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12408642394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12487050502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     78408108                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12408642394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12487050502                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344674                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344234                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.344234                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697938.151415                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700929.020601                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697938.151415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700929.020601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2178003                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 697938.151415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 700929.020601                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                        17894                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.512702                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         224395                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        19942                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        11.252382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.083591                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     2.919729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1651.663183                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         360.846199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.001426                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.806476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.176194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33715                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 33716                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks          18431                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total               18431                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 145                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  33861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        33860                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 33861                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17844                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total               17880                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                17887                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17851                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total               17887                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15167007229                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15229785500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      9174992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      9174992                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15176182221                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total    15238960492                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     62778271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  15176182221                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total   15238960492                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             51596                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        18431                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total           18431                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             152                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              51748                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        51711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             51748                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346089                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.346538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.046053                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345207                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345207                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 849977.988624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 851777.712528                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1310713.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1310713.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 850158.658955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 851957.314921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1743840.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 850158.658955                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 851957.314921                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               9716                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    9716                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total           17887                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        17851                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total          17887                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13599652011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13659269482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      8560392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8560392                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13608212403                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13667829874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     59617471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  13608212403                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13667829874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.346089                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.346538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.046053                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.345207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762141.448722                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 763941.246197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 1222913.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1222913.142857                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762322.133382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764120.862861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1656040.861111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 762322.133382                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 764120.862861                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        11602                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.438493                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         187623                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        13650                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        13.745275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.952799                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     5.099406                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1509.913367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         505.472921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.002490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.737262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.246813                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999726                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 28031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                8959                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 153                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28182                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  28184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        28182                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 28184                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11556                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               11598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11556                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                11598                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11556                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               11598                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9529213681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    9607673726                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9529213681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total     9607673726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78460045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   9529213681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total    9607673726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             39629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total            8959                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             153                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              39782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             39782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291929                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.292664                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290805                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.291539                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290805                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.291539                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824611.775787                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 828390.560959                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824611.775787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 828390.560959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1868096.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 824611.775787                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 828390.560959                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks               5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                    5078                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          11597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           11597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        11555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          11597                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8513802270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8588574715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8513802270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8588574715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     74772445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   8513802270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8588574715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.291903                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.292639                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.290780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.291514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736806.773691                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740585.902820                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736806.773691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740585.902820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1780296.309524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 736806.773691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740585.902820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        17803                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.838035                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         151004                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        19851                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         7.606871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.777679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     2.786779                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1666.548535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         348.725042                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001361                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.813744                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.170276                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33780                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 33781                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6130                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                6130                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33847                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  33848                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        33847                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 33848                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               17803                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                17803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               17803                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13926266846                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   13983401593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13926266846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    13983401593                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57134747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  13926266846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   13983401593                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51547                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             51584                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6130                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            6130                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              51651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        51614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             51651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344676                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345126                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344679                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344679                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783827.705634                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 785451.979610                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783827.705634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 785451.979610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1587076.305556                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783827.705634                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 785451.979610                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    2376                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17803                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           17803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        17767                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          17803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12366056482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12420029916                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12366056482                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12420029916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     53973434                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  12366056482                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12420029916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344676                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345126                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344228                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.344228                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696012.634772                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697636.910408                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696012.634772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697636.910408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1499262.055556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 696012.634772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 697636.910408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        17802                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.844210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         150901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        19850                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                         7.602065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.241038                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.846720                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1666.133273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         349.623178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001390                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.813542                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.170714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33722                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 33723                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                6085                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                  67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  33790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        33789                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 33790                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               17801                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                17801                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               17801                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73338254                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14123352876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   14196691130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73338254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14123352876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    14196691130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73338254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14123352876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   14196691130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51487                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             51524                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total            6085                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total              67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51554                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              51591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        51554                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             51591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345039                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344590                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345041                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344590                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345041                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2037173.722222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795010.012722                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 797522.112803                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2037173.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795010.012722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 797522.112803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2037173.722222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 795010.012722                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 797522.112803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks               2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                    2380                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          17801                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           17801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17765                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          17801                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70177454                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12563104678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12633282132                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70177454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12563104678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12633282132                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70177454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  12563104678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12633282132                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.345039                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344590                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.344590                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345041                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1949373.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707182.925865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709695.080726                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1949373.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707182.925865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709695.080726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1949373.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 707182.925865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 709695.080726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        28787                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.596349                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         156561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        30835                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                         5.077380                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.613951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.264983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1649.685293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         382.032123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002083                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.805510                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.186539                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35697                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 35698                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           7603                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                7603                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                  91                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35788                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  35789                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        35788                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 35789                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28712                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               28750                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                29                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28741                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                28779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28741                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               28779                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39842918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26415313599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   26455156517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     22968619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22968619                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39842918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26438282218                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    26478125136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     39842918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  26438282218                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   26478125136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64409                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             64448                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         7603                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            7603                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             120                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64529                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              64568                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        64529                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             64568                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445776                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.446096                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.241667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445397                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.445716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445397                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.445716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1048497.842105                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 920009.529082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 920179.357113                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 792021.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 792021.344828                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1048497.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 919880.387530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 920050.214948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1048497.842105                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 919880.387530                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 920050.214948                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    4315                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28712                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          28750                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           28779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        28741                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          28779                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36505460                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23894112748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23930618208                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     20422152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20422152                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36505460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23914534900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23951040360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     36505460                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  23914534900                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23951040360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445776                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.446096                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.241667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445397                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.445397                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.445716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       960670                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 832199.524519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832369.328974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 704212.137931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 704212.137931                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       960670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 832070.383772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832240.187637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst       960670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 832070.383772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 832240.187637                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              581.966840                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1010712250                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  589                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1715980.050934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    41.576186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   540.390654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.066629                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.866011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932639                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10704360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       10704360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     10704360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      10704360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           68                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           68                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           68                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    146045577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146045577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    146045577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146045577                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    146045577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146045577                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10704428                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     10704428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     10704428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     10704428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2147729.073529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2147729.073529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2147729.073529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2147729.073529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2147729.073529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2147729.073529                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       116226                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           46                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96987412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96987412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96987412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96987412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     96987412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96987412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2108422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2108422                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2108422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2108422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2108422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2108422                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                72925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              432109433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                73181                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              5904.666963                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   111.883035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   144.116965                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.437043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.562957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     27994851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27994851                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15329865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15329865                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         8012                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8012                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       43324716                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     43324716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      43324716                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       266440                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          286                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       266726                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       266726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       266726                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132394522468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 132394522468                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    222432081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    222432081                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132616954549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 132616954549                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 132616954549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 132616954549                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     28261291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28261291                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15330151                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         8012                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8012                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7479                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43591442                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     43591442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43591442                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006119                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 496901.825807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 496901.825807                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 777734.548951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 777734.548951                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497202.951902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497202.951902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 497202.951902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497202.951902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           12506                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       193584                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          217                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       193801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       193801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       193801                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72856                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        72925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72925                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34924214390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  34924214390                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     57391943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57391943                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34981606333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  34981606333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  34981606333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  34981606333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479359.481580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479359.481580                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 831767.289855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 831767.289855                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479692.921947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479692.921947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 479692.921947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 479692.921947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              494.474267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              985805655                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1991526.575758                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    39.474267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.063260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12222094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12222094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12222094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       12222094                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     12222094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      12222094                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    175537744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175537744                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12222150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12222150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12222150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     12222150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     12222150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     12222150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3134602.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2400457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 480091.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    120974855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120974855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3024371.375000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                36165                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              159769928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                36421                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4386.752917                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   233.414388                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    22.585612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.911775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.088225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      9749221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9749221                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      7240398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7240398                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        18704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18704                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16989619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       16989619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16989619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      16989619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        93105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total        95254                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        95254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total        95254                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20851108371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20851108371                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    137825874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137825874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20988934245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20988934245                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  20988934245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20988934245                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      9842326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9842326                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      7242547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7242547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        18704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18704                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17611                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17084873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17084873                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17084873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17084873                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009460                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005575                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 223952.616626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223952.616626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 64134.887855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64134.887855                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220347.011622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 220347.011622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 220347.011622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 220347.011622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets         7165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets  3582.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            8569                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        57151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57151                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59089                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data        59089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59089                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        35954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35954                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36165                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8676597055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8676597055                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     15411088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15411088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8692008143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8692008143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   8692008143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8692008143                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003653                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002117                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 241324.944512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241324.944512                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 73038.331754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73038.331754                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240343.098106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240343.098106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 240343.098106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240343.098106                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              494.474958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              985811193                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1991537.763636                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    39.474958                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.063261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12227632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12227632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12227632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12227632                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12227632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12227632                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    156939504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    156939504                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12227687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12227687                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12227687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12227687                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12227687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12227687                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2853445.527273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1757779                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 351555.800000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    106944239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106944239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2673605.975000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                36141                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              159779109                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                36397                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4389.897766                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.416176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.583824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.911782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.088218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      9754043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9754043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      7244769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7244769                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17623                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16998812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       16998812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     16998812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      16998812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        93000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        93000                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2149                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        95149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total        95149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        95149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total        95149                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20748331524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  20748331524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    137906419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    137906419                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20886237943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  20886237943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  20886237943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  20886237943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      9847043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9847043                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      7246918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7246918                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18680                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17623                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17093961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     17093961                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     17093961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     17093961                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005566                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 223100.338968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 223100.338968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 64172.368078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64172.368078                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219510.850802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 219510.850802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 219510.850802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 219510.850802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets        35328                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets         8832                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8560                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        57070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        57070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        59008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        59008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        59008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        35930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35930                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        36141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        36141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        36141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8647019907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8647019907                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15413416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15413416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8662433323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8662433323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   8662433323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8662433323                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003649                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002114                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 240662.953159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 240662.953159                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 73049.364929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73049.364929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239684.384024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239684.384024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 239684.384024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 239684.384024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              519.016853                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              982961908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1890311.361538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    37.016853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.059322                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831758                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11282567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11282567                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11282567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11282567                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11282567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11282567                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103278752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103278752                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103278752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103278752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    103278752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103278752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11282618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11282618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11282618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11282618                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11282618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11282618                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2025073.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2025073.568627                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2025073.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2025073.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2025073.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2025073.568627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72532443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72532443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     72532443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72532443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908748.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908748.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908748.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908748.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1908748.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1908748.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                51590                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167113194                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                51846                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3223.261081                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   234.041912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    21.958088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.914226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.085774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7957114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7957114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6728040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6728040                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15484                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14685154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       14685154                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     14685154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      14685154                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       176487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         5521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       182008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       182008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       182008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  74248664091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74248664091                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3415752950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3415752950                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77664417041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77664417041                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  77664417041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77664417041                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8133601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8133601                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6733561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6733561                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16662                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15484                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14867162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14867162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     14867162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14867162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021699                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000820                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012242                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012242                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 420703.304442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420703.304442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 618683.743887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 618683.743887                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426708.809728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426708.809728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 426708.809728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426708.809728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     43704313                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets            83                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 526557.987952                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18395                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       125048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         5370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5370                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130418                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130418                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51439                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          151                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51590                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        51590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51590                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17397865977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17397865977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14673953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14673953                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17412539930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17412539930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  17412539930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17412539930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006324                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003470                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 338223.254282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338223.254282                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 97178.496689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97178.496689                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337517.734638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337517.734638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337517.734638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337517.734638                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.305466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              982965613                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1893960.718690                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    36.305466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.058182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830618                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11286272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11286272                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11286272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11286272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11286272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11286272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    110326771                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11286328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11286328                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11286328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11286328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11286328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11286328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1970120.910714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75967374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2053172.270270                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                51669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167118044                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                51925                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3218.450534                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   234.189180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    21.810820                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.914801                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.085199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7959241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7959241                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6730987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6730987                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14690228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14690228                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14690228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14690228                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       176480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       181979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       181979                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       181979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       181979                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  73875010829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73875010829                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   3586475231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3586475231                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77461486060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77461486060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  77461486060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77461486060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8135721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8135721                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6736486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6736486                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16431                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15491                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14872207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14872207                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     14872207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14872207                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021692                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000816                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 418602.735885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 418602.735885                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 652204.988362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 652204.988362                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425661.675578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 425661.675578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 425661.675578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 425661.675578                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     36102347                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets            75                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 481364.626667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total           18451                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       124964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       124964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5346                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130310                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data       130310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130310                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        51669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51669                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17426227888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17426227888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16829256                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17443057144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17443057144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  17443057144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17443057144                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006332                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003474                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 338268.263996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 338268.263996                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109995.137255                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337592.311521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337592.311521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 337592.311521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 337592.311521                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.115681                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              982347491                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1892769.732177                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    43.115681                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.069096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11897129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11897129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11897129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11897129                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99487180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11897180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11897180                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11897180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11897180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11897180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11897180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1950729.019608                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     87038691                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1978152.068182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                39796                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              161744320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                40052                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              4038.358134                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.855948                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.144052                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.913500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.086500                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8197884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8197884                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6900755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6900755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15098639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15098639                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15098639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15098639                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       127332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127332                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       128240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       128240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       128240                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42393459960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42393459960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     76862192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76862192                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42470322152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42470322152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  42470322152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42470322152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8325216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8325216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6901663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6901663                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17748                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16616                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15226879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15226879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15226879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15226879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.015295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015295                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 332936.417868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 332936.417868                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 84649.991189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84649.991189                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331178.432252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 331178.432252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 331178.432252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 331178.432252                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total            8971                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data        88444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88444                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        39796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11318684056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11318684056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      9890282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9890282                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11328574338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11328574338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  11328574338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11328574338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004762                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 285515.325682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285515.325682                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 64642.366013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64642.366013                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284666.155845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284666.155845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 284666.155845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284666.155845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              528.277601                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              987032472                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  530                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1862325.418868                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    38.277601                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.061342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.846599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10928957                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       10928957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     10928957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      10928957                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           64                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           64                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           64                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109883988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109883988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109883988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109883988                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst    109883988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109883988                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10929021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10929021                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10929021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     10929021                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     10929021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     10929021                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716937.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1716937.312500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716937.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1716937.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1716937.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1716937.312500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           24                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68090303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68090303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68090303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68090303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68090303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68090303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702257.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702257.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702257.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702257.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1702257.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1702257.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                64373                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              175184557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                64629                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2710.618407                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.291427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.708573                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.915201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.084799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      7571497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7571497                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6268623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6268623                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        14624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14624                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13840120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       13840120                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     13840120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      13840120                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168060                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          849                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       168909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       168909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       168909                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74183386269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74183386269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    314712891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    314712891                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74498099160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74498099160                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  74498099160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74498099160                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      7739557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7739557                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6269472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6269472                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18188                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        14624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14624                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14009029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14009029                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     14009029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14009029                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012057                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.012057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012057                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441410.128936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441410.128936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 370686.561837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 370686.561837                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441054.645756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441054.645756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 441054.645756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441054.645756                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            7598                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       103807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       104536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104536                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        64373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29191943582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  29191943582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     31827230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     31827230                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29223770812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29223770812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  29223770812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29223770812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008302                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 454328.102688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 454328.102688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 265226.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265226.916667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453975.592438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453975.592438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 453975.592438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 453975.592438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              517.391232                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              982967506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1893964.366089                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    35.391232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.056717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11288165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11288165                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11288165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11288165                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11288165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11288165                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104977072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104977072                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104977072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104977072                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    104977072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104977072                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11288222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11288222                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11288222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11288222                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11288222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11288222                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1841703.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1841703.017544                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1841703.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1841703.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1841703.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1841703.017544                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           20                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70388576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70388576                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70388576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70388576                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     70388576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70388576                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1902393.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1902393.945946                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1902393.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1902393.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1902393.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1902393.945946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                51730                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              167120755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                51986                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              3214.726176                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.038544                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.961456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      7960029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7960029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6732877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6732877                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        16460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16460                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14692906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14692906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14692906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14692906                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       177153                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         5535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5535                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       182688                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       182688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       182688                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  73946571586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73946571586                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   3444409561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3444409561                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  77390981147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77390981147                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  77390981147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77390981147                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8137182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8137182                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6738412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6738412                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        16460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16460                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15495                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14875594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14875594                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     14875594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14875594                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021771                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000821                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012281                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 417416.423013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 417416.423013                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 622296.216983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622296.216983                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423623.780144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 423623.780144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 423623.780144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 423623.780144                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     40327165                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets            84                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 480085.297619                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           18405                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       125574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125574                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         5383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       130957                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130957                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51731                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        51731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51731                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17376590366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17376590366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     16227614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16227614                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17392817980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17392817980                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  17392817980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17392817980                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003478                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336892.734756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336892.734756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 106760.618421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106760.618421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336216.542885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336216.542885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 336216.542885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 336216.542885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              517.174957                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              982344259                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1896417.488417                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    42.174957                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.067588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11893897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11893897                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11893897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11893897                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11893897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11893897                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    101292808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101292808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11893948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11893948                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11893948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11893948                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11893948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11893948                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1986133.490196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       289999                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     89805125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     89805125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2088491.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                39775                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              161735199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                40031                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              4040.248782                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.855217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.144783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.913497                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.086503                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8191672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8191672                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      6897837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6897837                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15089509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       15089509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     15089509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      15089509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       127347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127347                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          900                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       128247                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       128247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       128247                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42633464376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42633464376                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     75961900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75961900                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42709426276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42709426276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  42709426276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42709426276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8319019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8319019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      6898737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6898737                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17765                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16608                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15217756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15217756                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     15217756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15217756                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015308                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 334781.850974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334781.850974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84402.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84402.111111                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333024.759066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333024.759066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 333024.759066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333024.759066                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            8967                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        87722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87722                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          748                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88470                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        39777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11347925177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11347925177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      9808673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9808673                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11357733850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11357733850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  11357733850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11357733850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 286382.969767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 286382.969767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64530.743421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64530.743421                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285535.205018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285535.205018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 285535.205018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 285535.205018                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              581.885778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1010692139                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1718864.181973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    40.855600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   541.030178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.065474                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.867036                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932509                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10684249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10684249                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10684249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       10684249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     10684249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      10684249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           74                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           74                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           74                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115788378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    115788378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115788378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    115788378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    115788378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    115788378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10684323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10684323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10684323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     10684323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     10684323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     10684323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000007                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1564707.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1564707.810811                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1564707.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1564707.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1564707.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1564707.810811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82610076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     82610076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82610076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     82610076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     82610076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     82610076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1835779.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1835779.466667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1835779.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1835779.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1835779.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1835779.466667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                72981                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              432083796                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                73237                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              5899.801958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   111.882672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   144.117328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.437042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.562958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     27980169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      27980169                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15319057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     15319057                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7869                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data         7475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7475                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43299226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       43299226                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     43299226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      43299226                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       267931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       267931                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          264                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       268195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       268195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       268195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       268195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133314356847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 133314356847                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191500321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    191500321                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133505857168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 133505857168                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 133505857168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 133505857168                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     28248100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     28248100                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     15319321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     15319321                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7869                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data         7475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7475                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43567421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43567421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     43567421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43567421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497569.735667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 497569.735667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 725380.003788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 725380.003788                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497793.982617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 497793.982617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 497793.982617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 497793.982617                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           12518                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       195020                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          194                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       195214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       195214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       195214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        72911                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           70                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        72981                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        72981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        72981                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35154666739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  35154666739                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     53885378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     53885378                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35208552117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  35208552117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  35208552117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  35208552117                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002581                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482158.614461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482158.614461                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 769791.114286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 769791.114286                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482434.498253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482434.498253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 482434.498253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 482434.498253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              560.808958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              899274270                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1594457.925532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    35.701021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   525.107938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.057213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.841519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11458423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11458423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11458423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11458423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11458423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11458423                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107652568                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11458471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11458471                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11458471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11458471                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11458471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11458471                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2242761.833333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       704906                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81933656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2214423.135135                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                51648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              217519690                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                51904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4190.807838                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   200.288932                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    55.711068                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.782379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.217621                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16856139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16856139                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      3237142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237142                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20093281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       20093281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     20093281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      20093281                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       182775                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       182775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       182775                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80769384821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80769384821                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     25643824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     25643824                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80795028645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80795028645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  80795028645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80795028645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     17038617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17038617                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      3237439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237439                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7664                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7595                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20276056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20276056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     20276056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20276056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009014                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009014                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442625.329196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442625.329196                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86342.841751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86342.841751                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442046.388428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 442046.388428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 442046.388428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 442046.388428                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            6137                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       130896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          231                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data       131127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131127                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51582                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           66                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        51648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16333380874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16333380874                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      4301088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4301088                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16337681962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16337681962                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  16337681962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16337681962                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003027                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002547                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316648.847931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316648.847931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        65168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        65168                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316327.485324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316327.485324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 316327.485324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316327.485324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              518.284522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              982953901                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1893938.152216                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    36.284522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.058148                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830584                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11274560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11274560                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11274560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11274560                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11274560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11274560                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     94603615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     94603615                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11274613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11274613                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11274613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11274613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11274613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11274613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1784973.867925                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     63167399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63167399                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1707227                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                51711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              167100553                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                51967                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3215.512787                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   234.042973                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    21.957027                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.914230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.085770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7949704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7949704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6723003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6723003                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        16479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        16479                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14672707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       14672707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     14672707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      14672707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       176564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176564                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         5480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5480                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       182044                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       182044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       182044                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  74230164772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  74230164772                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3551572869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3551572869                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77781737641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  77781737641                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  77781737641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  77781737641                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8126268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8126268                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6728483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6728483                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        16479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        16479                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15473                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14854751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14854751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     14854751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14854751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021728                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000814                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 420415.060669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420415.060669                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 648097.238869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 648097.238869                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427268.889065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 427268.889065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 427268.889065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 427268.889065                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     41157970                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets            78                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 527666.282051                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18431                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       125005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       125005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         5328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5328                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130333                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          152                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51711                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        51711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51711                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17531649451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17531649451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     18645399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     18645399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17550294850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17550294850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  17550294850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17550294850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006345                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003481                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 340030.827809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 340030.827809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 122667.098684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 122667.098684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339391.905977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339391.905977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 339391.905977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339391.905977                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.117688                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              982331788                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1892739.475915                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    43.117688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.069099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830317                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11881426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11881426                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11881426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11881426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11881426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11881426                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     89498214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     89498214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11881477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11881477                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11881477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11881477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11881477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11881477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1754866.941176                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     78949569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     78949569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1794308.386364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                39738                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              161719541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                39994                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              4043.595064                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.857525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.142475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913506                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086494                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8183626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8183626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6890288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6890288                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17719                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15073914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15073914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15073914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15073914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       127127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127127                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          908                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       128035                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       128035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       128035                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42901224827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  42901224827                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     76659213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     76659213                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42977884040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  42977884040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  42977884040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  42977884040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8310753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8310753                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6891196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6891196                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17719                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16591                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15201949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15201949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15201949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15201949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008422                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 337467.452445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 337467.452445                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 84426.446035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84426.446035                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335672.933495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 335672.933495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 335672.933495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 335672.933495                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8959                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87542                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data        88297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88297                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          153                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        39738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39738                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11451477219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11451477219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      9857386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9857386                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11461334605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11461334605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  11461334605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11461334605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004763                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002614                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 289288.296552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289288.296552                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 64427.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64427.359477                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 288422.532714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288422.532714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 288422.532714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288422.532714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              560.721727                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              899278843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1594466.033688                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    35.569566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   525.152161                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.057003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11462996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11462996                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11462996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11462996                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11462996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11462996                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68235381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     68235381                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11463046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11463046                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11463046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11463046                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11463046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11463046                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1364707.620000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     57529859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     57529859                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1554861.054054                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                51613                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              217521031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                51869                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4193.661551                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   200.290630                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    55.709370                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.782385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.217615                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16857488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16857488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      3237146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3237146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7654                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20094634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       20094634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     20094634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      20094634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182361                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182666                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182666                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80668109393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80668109393                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     26054489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26054489                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80694163882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  80694163882                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  80694163882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  80694163882                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     17039849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17039849                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3237451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7654                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7593                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20277300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20277300                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     20277300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20277300                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010702                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009008                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 442353.953932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 442353.953932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 85424.554098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85424.554098                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 441757.983872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 441757.983872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 441757.983872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 441757.983872                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            6130                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       130814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       131052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       131052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       131052                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        51614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51614                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16288233191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16288233191                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      4329697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4329697                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16292562888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16292562888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  16292562888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16292562888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315987.995247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315987.995247                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 64622.343284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64622.343284                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315661.698144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315661.698144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 315661.698144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 315661.698144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              560.681339                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              899259789                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  564                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1594432.250000                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.528883                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   525.152456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.056937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.841590                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.898528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11443942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11443942                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11443942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11443942                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11443942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11443942                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91093936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91093936                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91093936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     91093936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     91093936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     91093936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11443991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11443991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11443991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11443991                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11443991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11443991                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1859059.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1859059.918367                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1859059.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1859059.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1859059.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1859059.918367                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73712394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73712394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73712394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73712394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     73712394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73712394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992226.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992226.864865                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992226.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992226.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1992226.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1992226.864865                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                51554                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              217494691                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                51810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              4197.928798                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   200.328040                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    55.671960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.782531                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.217469                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data     16837128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      16837128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      3231199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3231199                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data         7579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7579                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20068327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       20068327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     20068327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      20068327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       182189                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          305                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       182494                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       182494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       182494                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81368738357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81368738357                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     26182903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26182903                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81394921260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  81394921260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81394921260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  81394921260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     17019317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17019317                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      3231504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3231504                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7635                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data         7579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7579                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20250821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20250821                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     20250821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20250821                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000094                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446617.185214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 446617.185214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 85845.583607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85845.583607                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446014.232030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 446014.232030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 446014.232030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 446014.232030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total            6085                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130702                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          238                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       130940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       130940                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        51487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        51554                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        51554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        51554                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16481888959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16481888959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      4347981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4347981                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16486236940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16486236940                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16486236940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16486236940                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002546                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 320117.485171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 320117.485171                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 64895.238806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64895.238806                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319785.796252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319785.796252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 319785.796252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 319785.796252                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              527.313107                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              987056219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1865890.773157                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    37.313107                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.059797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      10952704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       10952704                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     10952704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      10952704                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           62                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           62                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           62                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57933621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     57933621                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57933621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     57933621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     57933621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     57933621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10952766                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     10952766                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     10952766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     10952766                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 934413.241935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 934413.241935                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 934413.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 934413.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 934413.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 934413.241935                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40224221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     40224221                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40224221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     40224221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     40224221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     40224221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1031390.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031390.282051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1031390.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031390.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1031390.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1031390.282051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                64529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              175217439                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                64785                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              2704.598889                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   234.290453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    21.709547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.915197                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.084803                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7588684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       7588684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      6284330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6284330                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18139                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        14661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        14661                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13873014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       13873014                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     13873014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      13873014                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       168422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       168422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          847                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       169269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       169269                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       169269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       169269                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  73715524408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  73715524408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    302443888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    302443888                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  74017968296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  74017968296                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  74017968296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  74017968296                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7757106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7757106                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      6285177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6285177                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18139                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        14661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        14661                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14042283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     14042283                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     14042283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     14042283                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021712                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012054                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012054                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437683.464203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 437683.464203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 357076.609209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 357076.609209                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437280.118013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437280.118013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 437280.118013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437280.118013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7603                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       104013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       104013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          727                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       104740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       104740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data       104740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       104740                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        64409                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          120                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        64529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  28998313721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  28998313721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     29087793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29087793                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29027401514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29027401514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  29027401514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29027401514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004595                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 450221.455402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 450221.455402                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 242398.275000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242398.275000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449834.981388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449834.981388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 449834.981388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 449834.981388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
