
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.117542                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                117542093925                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               644644156833                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 296446                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   374728                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1984104                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67747708                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 59241.90                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17562025193                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22199572690                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      2499328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      4657280                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      2444160                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      1620608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1623424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      4671488                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      2441344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      4666112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      1620864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      2496000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1622400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      1157376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      2513792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      3944576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2502656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1622400                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             42183808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         5504                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4352                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           80000                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     13035392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          13035392                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        19526                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        36385                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        12661                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        12683                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        36454                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        12663                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        19500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        12675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        19639                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        30817                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        19552                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        12675                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                329561                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks          101839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total               101839                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21263259                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     39622231                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     20793912                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     13787469                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     13811427                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     39743107                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     20769955                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     39697370                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     13789647                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21234946                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     13802715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37025                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data      9846481                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21386313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     33558837                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21291572                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45737                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     13802715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               358882564                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        39203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        37025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        46826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        37025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        46826                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        39203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        37025                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        39203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        44648                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        39203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        45737                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             680607                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         110899777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              110899777                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         110899777                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        39203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21263259                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     39622231                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        37025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     20793912                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     13787469                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        46826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     13811427                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     39743107                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        37025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     20769955                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        46826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     39697370                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     13789647                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        39203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21234946                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     13802715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        37025                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data      9846481                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        39203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21386313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        44648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     33558837                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        39203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21291572                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        45737                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     13802715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              469782341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       20718632                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16992138                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2025979                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8530122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8088736                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122036                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90813                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197559566                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            117783138                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          20718632                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10210772                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25903572                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5774801                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles     18514310                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        12175667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2014946                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    245690521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923770                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      219786949     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        2804762      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        3243195      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        1781738      0.73%     92.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        2067432      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1126635      0.46%     93.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6         768243      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7        2009710      0.82%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12101857      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    245690521                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.073503                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.417855                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      195962526                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles     20142235                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25697114                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles       194454                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3694186                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3362049                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred        18887                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    143799264                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts        93554                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3694186                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      196266774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles       6434452                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles     12845573                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        25595468                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       854062                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    143712176                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents       223886                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       394282                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents           75                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    199672396                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    669130395                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    669130395                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    170291692                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       29380664                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        37452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20840                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         2294303                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13732186                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7469117                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197009                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662955                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143466302                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37535                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       135486680                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191573                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18108597                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41953428                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4085                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245690521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551453                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244164                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188619190     76.77%     76.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22939671      9.34%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12328501      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8547843      3.48%     94.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7469656      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3829631      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       916223      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       596087      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443719      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245690521                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35394     12.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128345     43.51%     55.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131260     44.50%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113405706     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120295      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16584      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12527579      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7416516      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    135486680                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.480661                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt            294999                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002177                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    517150449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161613720                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133234476                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    135781679                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340984                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2448503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          839                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1290                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168445                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8294                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4309                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3694186                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles       5951661                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149070                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143503955                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        74641                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13732186                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7469117                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20829                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104442                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1290                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171442                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1142300                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2313742                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133491278                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11762289                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1995398                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19177180                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       18673514                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7414891                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.473582                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            133236551                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           133234476                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        79196062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       207494868                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.472671                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.381677                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000003                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    122687896                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20817281                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33450                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2037733                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241996335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191877441     79.29%     79.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23245163      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9739662      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5848967      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4053458      1.68%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2611778      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1361247      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1092648      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2165971      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241996335                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000003                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    122687896                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18584355                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11283683                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             16688                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17558823                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110607967                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2496073                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2165971                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          383334865                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290704632                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               3028294                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              36185005                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           122687896                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000003                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.818755                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.818755                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.354767                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.354767                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      602116023                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     184906249                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     134172138                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        33420                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18993363                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17142345                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       994973                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7161084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6801549                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1045143                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        43905                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    201507220                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            119335929                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18993363                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches      7846692                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23613070                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       3138317                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles     28451096                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11559556                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes       999228                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    255689951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547612                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.847408                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      232076881     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1         841712      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1729948      0.68%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3         738004      0.29%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        3922524      1.53%     93.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3489670      1.36%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         677252      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7        1410354      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8       10803606      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    255689951                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.067382                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.423364                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      199398725                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles     30571893                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23526346                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        74918                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      2118064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1663556                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          502                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    139954231                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         2784                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      2118064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      199666457                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles      28438689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1219876                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23365513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       881345                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    139875595                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents       452115                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       290100                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents         8683                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    164186744                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    658731312                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    658731312                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    145614583                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       18572135                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        16218                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         2042560                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     33007046                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores     16696548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads       151926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       806160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        139604733                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16268                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       134189641                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        84968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10826480                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26006152                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           75                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255689951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.524814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315245                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207487327     81.15%     81.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14729402      5.76%     86.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11902524      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5145441      2.01%     93.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6431284      2.52%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6086794      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3460733      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276204      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170242      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255689951                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        337902     11.30%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2577686     86.19%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75183      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84173302     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1171204      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8034      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32190193     23.99%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16646908     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    134189641                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.476060                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2990771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    527144972                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150450924                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133031856                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    137180412                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       240344                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1289675                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          520                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3450                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       112490                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11827                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      2118064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles      27751989                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       263703                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139621090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1342                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33007046                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16696548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8184                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents       163497                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          121                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3450                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       582944                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       585768                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1168712                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133252646                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32077221                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       936995                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  89                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           48722534                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       17456520                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores         16645313                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.472736                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            133035399                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           133031856                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        71859848                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       141847120                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.471952                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506601                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108081100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps    127013186                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12623241                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16193                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1016765                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253571887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.500896                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319297                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207325774     81.76%     81.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17025413      6.71%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7928302      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7794613      3.07%     94.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2156752      0.85%     95.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8918483      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       678647      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       495199      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1248704      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253571887                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts    108081100                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps    127013186                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             48301429                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            31717371                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              8084                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         16772878                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts       112945251                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1230317                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      1248704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          391959285                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         281391105                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4324502                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              26185575                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts         108081100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps           127013186                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total    108081100                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.608000                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.608000                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.383436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.383436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      658726586                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     154478324                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     166613792                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        16168                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       19397239                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17313340                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1543909                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12954488                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12654164                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1166816                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46883                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204875716                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            110131343                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          19397239                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches     13820980                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            24554793                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5057330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      8133901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        12394665                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1515378                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    241069129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511977                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.748209                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      216514336     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        3741850      1.55%     91.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1887699      0.78%     92.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        3698470      1.53%     93.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        1190259      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        3428224      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6         541179      0.22%     95.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7         876874      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8        9190238      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    241069129                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.068815                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.390709                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      202946155                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles     10110572                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        24506198                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        19651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3486552                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      1838970                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred        18167                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    123226121                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts        34219                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3486552                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      203165771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       6466238                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      2946166                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        24288053                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles       716343                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    123046331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          219                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents        96126                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       547092                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    161291757                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    557682141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    557682141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    130908122                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       30383599                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        16581                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8403                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         1655160                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     22160900                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      3610464                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23747                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores       819484                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        122408800                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16639                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       114665917                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73968                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     22004186                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     45019664                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          144                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    241069129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475656                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.089141                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190792015     79.14%     79.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15824127      6.56%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16856258      6.99%     92.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9736823      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5035781      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1261547      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1498936      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34806      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28836      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    241069129                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191972     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79154     23.55%     80.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64926     19.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89937880     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       901026      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8180      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20238843     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3579988      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    114665917                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.406796                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            336052                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    470810983                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    144429910                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111765031                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    115001969                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90239                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4499288                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          112                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          292                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82412                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3486552                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       5653172                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85692                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122425530                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8926                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22160900                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3610464                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8399                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41135                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          292                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1043522                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      1636395                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    113212790                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19946674                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1453127                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           23526500                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       17211676                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          3579826                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.401641                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            111790525                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           111765031                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        67625320                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       147405567                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.396505                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.458770                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     89038738                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    100267871                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22162580                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16495                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1534215                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237582577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422034                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289632                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    200238221     84.28%     84.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14684467      6.18%     90.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9420849      3.97%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2966830      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4917696      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       962830      0.41%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       609540      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       558110      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3224034      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237582577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     89038738                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    100267871                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             21189656                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            17661604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars              8230                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         15381863                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts        87632548                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      1255866                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      3224034                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          356788669                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         248350189                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               4568703                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              40806397                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          89038738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           100267871                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     89038738                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.165763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.165763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.315880                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.315880                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      526194652                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     145657544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     130834801                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        16480                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       21803049                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17840635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2128285                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8959122                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8576741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2252730                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97137                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209899408                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            121963277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          21803049                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches     10829471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            25455313                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5819199                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles     11342222                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        12841083                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2129797                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    250360165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598140                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933657                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      224904852     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        1189907      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        1886892      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        2552341      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        2624587      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        2218562      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6        1240390      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1844824      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11897810      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    250360165                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.077350                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.432685                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      207737075                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles     13523009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        25408375                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles        28859                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3662845                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3588257                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    149634648                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1960                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3662845                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      208308901                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       1874126                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles     10328121                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24871971                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles      1314199                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    149577917                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          197                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       195805                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       563523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    208729609                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    695874528                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    695874528                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    180942204                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27787405                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        37095                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19307                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         3901928                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13990562                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7587658                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89203                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1771925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        149390503                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37223                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       141859749                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19619                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16530627                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39596686                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1350                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250360165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259644                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190358798     76.03%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24653280      9.85%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12488760      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9448958      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7417209      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2990688      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1888966      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982045      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131461      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250360165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27040     11.50%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86297     36.69%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121871     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119306861     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2119768      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17785      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12851506      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7563829      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    141859749                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.503271                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235208                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534334490                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165958934                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139730365                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    142094957                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       287860                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235755                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          584                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       109650                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3662845                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       1553294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129076                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149427878                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        59639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13990562                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7587658                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19309                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108930                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          584                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238802                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1195850                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2434652                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139901347                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12092368                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1958402                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           19655904                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       19879701                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7563536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.496323                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            139730586                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           139730365                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        80208753                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       216135110                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.495717                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371105                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105477812                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    129789470                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19638423                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35873                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      2155206                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246697320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373657                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193470910     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26370360     10.69%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9974067      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4755983      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3991490      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2298615      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017534      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908100      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2910261      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246697320                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts    105477812                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    129789470                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             19232815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            11754807                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             17896                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         18715951                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       116938687                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2672662                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2910261                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          393214224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         302518696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               3179767                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              31515361                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts         105477812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           129789470                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total    105477812                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.672368                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.672368                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.374200                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.374200                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      629663806                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     194644007                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     138731609                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        35842                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       21805758                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17842577                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2133889                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9108706                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8592797                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254072                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97255                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210143149                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            121907959                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          21805758                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches     10846869                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            25460654                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5811148                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles     11217049                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        12856257                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2135199                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    250470391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597741                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.932813                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      225009737     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1192290      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1889559      0.75%     91.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2555823      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2629144      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2221755      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1239849      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1844658      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       11887576      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    250470391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077360                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.432489                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      207978862                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles     13399708                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        25413309                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        29347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3649163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3588506                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          377                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    149600792                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1959                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3649163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      208551349                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1882663                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles     10194553                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        24876771                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1315890                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    149542701                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          195                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       196179                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       564383                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    208683691                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    695670592                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    695670592                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    181087690                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       27596001                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        37448                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19644                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3906023                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     14006551                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      7587181                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1779584                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        149357569                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37581                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       141921308                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19598                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16388187                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39107843                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1677                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250470391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566619                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259452                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190415651     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24692027      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12514725      5.00%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9437617      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7414360      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2991767      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1889831      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983585      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       130828      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250470391                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26904     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86400     36.69%     48.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122182     51.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119363946     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2115186      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17800      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12861409      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7562967      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    141921308                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.503489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235486                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534568091                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165783923                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139783894                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    142156794                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2242272                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          587                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103109                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3649163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1561423                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129475                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149395296                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        57258                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14006551                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7587181                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19648                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109258                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          587                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1243872                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1196210                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2440082                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139954501                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12101927                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1966807                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           19664594                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       19893590                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          7562667                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.496512                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            139784122                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           139783894                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        80241331                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       216215550                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.495906                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371117                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105562761                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    129893959                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19501364                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35904                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      2160836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246821228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193545168     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26398386     10.70%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9983195      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4756310      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4000711      1.62%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2299923      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2017214      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908058      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2912263      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246821228                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts    105562761                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    129893959                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             19248351                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            11764279                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             17912                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         18730983                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       117032883                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2674822                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2912263                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          393303560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         302439865                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               3185760                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              31405135                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts         105562761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           129893959                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total    105562761                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.670217                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.670217                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.374501                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.374501                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      629913774                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     194723936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     138683225                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        35872                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19041104                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17181852                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998743                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7386231                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6816369                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1052102                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44262                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202147117                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            119652808                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19041104                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      7868471                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            23668611                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       3141088                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles     27953419                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           28                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11596305                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002817                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    255886502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548530                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848689                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      232217891     90.75%     90.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1         843073      0.33%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        1725804      0.67%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3         737906      0.29%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        3931377      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        3510073      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         683408      0.27%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1419141      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       10817829      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    255886502                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.067551                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.424488                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      200043548                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles     30069537                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        23581624                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles        74961                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      2116827                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      1671059                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          499                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    140294774                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         2806                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      2116827                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      200311726                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles      27945086                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      1212413                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        23420132                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       880311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    140218999                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          509                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       446919                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       291562                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.FullRegisterEvents         9436                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    164620041                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    660377908                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    660377908                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    146015452                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       18604589                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        16281                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8222                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2047439                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     33088722                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores     16734584                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       153051                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores       810946                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        139951342                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16329                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       134532018                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        77250                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10806467                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25924345                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           92                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    255886502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.316228                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207554192     81.11%     81.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14774653      5.77%     86.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11938934      4.67%     91.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5156666      2.02%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6439462      2.52%     96.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6102782      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3472240      1.36%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276283      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       171290      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    255886502                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338602     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2584318     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75546      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84393104     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1174212      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8056      0.01%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32262669     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16693977     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    134532018                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.477275                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt           2998466                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022288                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528026254                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150777612                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133387806                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    137530484                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241386                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1284356                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          524                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3483                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105020                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11863                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      2116827                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles      27271401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       265733                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139967756                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1321                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33088722                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16734584                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8223                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164568                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          130                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3483                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       584369                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       586309                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      1170678                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133598934                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32158153                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       933084                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                  85                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           48850422                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17507695                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores         16692269                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.473964                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            133391276                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           133387806                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        72057399                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       142255233                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.473215                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.506536                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108378185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    127362445                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12620810                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16237                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1020748                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253769675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501882                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.320426                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207400127     81.73%     81.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17067973      6.73%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7948606      3.13%     91.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7815832      3.08%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2165170      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8943729      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       679193      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       497079      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1251966      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253769675                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts    108378185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    127362445                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             48433930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            31804366                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars              8106                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16818988                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       113255876                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      1233719                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      1251966                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          392500639                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         282083575                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               4339943                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              25989024                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts         108378185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           127362445                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total    108378185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.600851                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.600851                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.384490                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.384490                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      660483194                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     154903326                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     167064745                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        16212                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19334996                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17257440                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1540554                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12907781                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12613723                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1162129                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        46907                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    204265598                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            109775969                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19334996                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches     13775852                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            24473992                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5044704                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      8288532                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        12358080                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1512249                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    240523603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.511453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.747406                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      216049611     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        3731758      1.55%     91.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        1879150      0.78%     92.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3685015      1.53%     93.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1186795      0.49%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        3417497      1.42%     95.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6         539237      0.22%     95.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7         874941      0.36%     96.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8        9159599      3.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    240523603                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.068594                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.389448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      202346465                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles     10254522                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        24425787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        19445                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3477383                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      1833442                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred        18098                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    122822589                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts        34133                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3477383                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      202565201                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       6585953                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2975184                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        24208757                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       711119                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    122644395                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents        95193                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       543137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    160757148                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    555839677                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    555839677                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    130464214                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       30292934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        16491                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8345                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         1642033                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     22092355                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      3596782                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads        23313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores       816428                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        122007245                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16548                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       114284306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        73882                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21937896                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     44881757                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          114                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    240523603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.475148                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.088617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190412583     79.17%     79.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15770374      6.56%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     16801758      6.99%     92.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9706110      4.04%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      5019620      2.09%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1257614      0.52%     99.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1492034      0.62%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        34748      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28762      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    240523603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        191352     57.13%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        78832     23.54%     80.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        64736     19.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     89639480     78.44%     78.44% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       897396      0.79%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8149      0.01%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     20172939     17.65%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3566342      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    114284306                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.405442                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            334920                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002931                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    469501017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    143961986                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    111393385                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    114619226                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        90222                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4484578                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          114                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          306                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        82012                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3477383                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       5784262                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles        85576                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    122023884                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         6639                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     22092355                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3596782                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8339                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        41249                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2270                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          306                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1040694                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       592268                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      1632962                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    112835014                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19883720                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1449292                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                  91                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           23449894                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17154214                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          3566174                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.400301                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            111418873                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           111393385                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        67398435                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       146888056                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.395186                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.458842                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     88745464                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps     99932041                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22096730                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16434                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1530889                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    237046220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.421572                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    199832235     84.30%     84.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     14629715      6.17%     90.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9388975      3.96%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2956214      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4902573      2.07%     97.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       958807      0.40%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       607323      0.26%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       555555      0.23%     98.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3214823      1.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    237046220                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     88745464                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps     99932041                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             21122547                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            17607777                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars              8200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         15330939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts        87337312                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      1251149                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      3214823                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          355859843                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         247537696                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               4556198                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              41351923                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          88745464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps            99932041                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     88745464                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.176225                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.176225                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314839                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314839                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      524447268                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     145168410                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     130414116                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        16418                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19043485                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17185125                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       998729                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7114365                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6808017                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1050138                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44023                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    202034333                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            119681890                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19043485                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      7858155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23671560                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       3152851                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles     28285656                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11591196                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1002903                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    256120766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.548212                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.848385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      232449206     90.76%     90.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1         845087      0.33%     91.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        1722932      0.67%     91.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3         735883      0.29%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        3932516      1.54%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        3508653      1.37%     94.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6         677450      0.26%     95.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1420396      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       10828643      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    256120766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.067560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.424591                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      199920274                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles     30412543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23584010                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        75225                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      2128709                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      1670463                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          509                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    140340793                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2809                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      2128709                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      200187760                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles      28265102                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      1233675                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23423609                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       881904                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    140265827                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents          433                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       453941                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       290413                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents         6500                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    164684060                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    660601588                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    660601588                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    145958360                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       18725694                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        16265                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2049762                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     33089236                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores     16728901                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152016                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores       811968                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        139992243                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16312                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       134505014                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        76867                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10908001                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     26278731                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           83                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    256120766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.525162                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.315660                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    207808486     81.14%     81.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14759238      5.76%     86.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11934082      4.66%     91.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5155287      2.01%     93.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6441321      2.51%     96.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6105665      2.38%     98.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3469410      1.35%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       276534      0.11%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       170743      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    256120766                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        338792     11.29%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2585995     86.19%     97.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        75589      2.52%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84384049     62.74%     62.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1174899      0.87%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8052      0.01%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32249190     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16688824     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    134505014                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.477179                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3000376                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022307                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    528208037                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    150920072                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133354517                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    137505390                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       241024                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1296068                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          509                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3527                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       105248                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11861                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            1                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      2128709                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles      27581911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       265542                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    140008642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1318                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     33089236                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16728901                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents       164039                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          119                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3527                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581488                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       591308                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      1172796                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133565740                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32144603                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       939274                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                  87                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           48831717                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17502611                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores         16687114                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.473847                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            133357962                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           133354517                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        72051499                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       142293754                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.473097                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.506357                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts    108337025                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    127313941                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12709648                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16229                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1020572                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    253992057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.501252                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.319809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    207641406     81.75%     81.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     17063665      6.72%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7945409      3.13%     91.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7809391      3.07%     94.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2162999      0.85%     95.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      8937920      3.52%     99.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       681814      0.27%     99.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       496819      0.20%     99.51% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1252634      0.49%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    253992057                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts    108337025                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    127313941                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             48416813                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            31793165                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars              8102                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16812522                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       113212706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      1233204                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      1252634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          392762687                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         282176080                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               4337950                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              25754760                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts         108337025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           127313941                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total    108337025                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.601839                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.601839                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.384343                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.384343                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      660283689                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     154865285                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     167075525                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        16204                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       21780410                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17821259                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2132426                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9148542                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8586309                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2252794                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97376                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    209943720                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            121748706                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          21780410                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches     10839103                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            25430886                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       5800378                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles     11416545                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles          543                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        12844007                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133689                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    250431959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.597064                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931743                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      225001073     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1        1191765      0.48%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1888193      0.75%     91.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3        2553515      1.02%     92.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        2624720      1.05%     93.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        2219590      0.89%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6        1241173      0.50%     94.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1844159      0.74%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       11867771      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    250431959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077270                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.431924                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      207783742                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles     13595483                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        25383787                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        29071                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      3639874                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      3584609                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          379                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    149408206                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1991                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      3639874                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      208355397                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       1916595                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles     10358303                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        24847707                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles      1314081                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    149349514                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          187                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       195778                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       563506                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    208416790                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    694764768                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    694764768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    180933015                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       27483775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        37452                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19665                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         3898785                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     13989384                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores      7579071                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89208                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores      1729819                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        149165966                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37586                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       141769752                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19584                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16310914                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38896915                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1714                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250431959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566101                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259213                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190472600     76.06%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24627460      9.83%     85.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12491465      4.99%     90.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9439595      3.77%     94.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7410379      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2989281      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1886786      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       983204      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131189      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250431959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         26281     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86273     36.57%     47.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       123336     52.29%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119236589     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2112122      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17784      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12848470      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7554787      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    141769752                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.502952                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235890                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001664                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534226937                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165515055                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139638192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    142005642                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288923                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2235189                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          590                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101456                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      3639874                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       1596171                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129208                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149203700                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56677                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13989384                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7579071                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19667                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109054                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          590                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1244075                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1193612                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      2437687                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139808488                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12091328                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1961264                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                 148                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           19645825                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       19874210                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores          7554497                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.495994                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            139638421                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           139638192                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        80155593                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       215973406                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.495390                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.371136                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105472466                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    129782825                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19420902                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35872                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      2159349                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246792085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373772                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193593285     78.44%     78.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26341851     10.67%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9979407      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4751616      1.93%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3982490      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2297555      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2025475      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       906521      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2913885      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246792085                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    105472466                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    129782825                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             19231810                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            11754195                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars             17896                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         18714974                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       116932705                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      2672518                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      2913885                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          393081199                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         302047386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               3182883                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              31443567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         105472466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           129782825                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    105472466                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.672503                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.672503                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.374181                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.374181                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      629263008                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     194522002                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     138507807                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        35840                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       20667391                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16949649                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2023424                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8515525                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8070495                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2116385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90539                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197160219                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            117498836                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          20667391                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10186880                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25843410                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5763627                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles     18526901                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        12151764                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012361                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    245235373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585898                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923235                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      219391963     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        2799724      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        3235608      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        1777971      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        2063667      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1123693      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6         766724      0.31%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7        2003617      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12072406      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    245235373                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.073321                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.416847                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      195568654                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles     20149329                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25638020                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles       193382                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3685982                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3354247                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred        18861                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    143451365                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts        93582                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3685982                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      195871771                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles       6433315                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles     12856837                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        25536980                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       850482                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    143365673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          258                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents       222846                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       392890                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    199189107                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    667524075                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    667524075                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    169890292                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       29298780                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        37313                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20740                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         2283055                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13700018                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7451913                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads       195919                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656525                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143123939                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37385                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       135165151                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       191319                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     18056527                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41849832                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4016                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245235373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551165                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.243794                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188291538     76.78%     76.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22892023      9.33%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12301249      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8528690      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7453699      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3819225      1.56%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       912384      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       593185      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443380      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245235373                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34869     11.87%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       127914     43.54%     55.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131009     44.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113138400     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2114944      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16545      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12497101      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7398161      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    135165151                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.479521                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt            293792                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002174                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516050784                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161219133                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132917539                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    135458943                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       338776                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2442886                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          867                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       168426                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8273                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4086                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3685982                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles       5939793                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles       148837                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143161444                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        73592                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13700018                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7451913                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20718                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104432                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1169543                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1141149                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2310692                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133173879                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11733816                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1991270                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                 120                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19130290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       18628981                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7396474                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.472456                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            132919546                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           132917539                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        79006003                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       207002849                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.471547                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381666                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99764398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    122398918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20763885                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2035044                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241549391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506724                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323263                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191546500     79.30%     79.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23191038      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9719462      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5833050      2.41%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4044784      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2606013      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1358784      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1090179      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2159581      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241549391                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts     99764398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    122398918                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18540619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11257132                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             16648                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17517499                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110347424                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2490203                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2159581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          382551937                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290011683                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               3023416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              36640153                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts          99764398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           122398918                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total     99764398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.825412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.825412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.353931                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.353931                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      600684086                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     184470058                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     133847293                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        33338                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       21812635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17847522                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2130974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9008836                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8581477                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2254137                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        97190                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210053697                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            121984534                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          21812635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches     10835614                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            25462384                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5819895                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles     11299369                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        12850574                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2132472                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    250476661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.933435                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      225014277     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1191567      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1886928      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2550409      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2626443      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2220705      0.89%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1241671      0.50%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1846268      0.74%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       11898393      4.75%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    250476661                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077384                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.432760                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      207890739                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles     13480876                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        25415190                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        29017                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3660837                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3590641                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    149670362                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1955                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3660837                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      208463114                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1855586                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles     10303867                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        24878461                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1314794                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    149612924                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          201                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       195303                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       564129                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    208774405                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    696022200                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    696022200                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    181044078                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       27730319                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        37207                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19411                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3903933                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     13999626                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      7590088                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        88811                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1736894                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        149426610                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37340                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       141922949                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19720                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16486546                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39449343                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1449                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250476661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566611                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259786                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190469427     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24640232      9.84%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12487536      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9457401      3.78%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7423980      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2994620      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1889316      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982666      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131483      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250476661                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27157     11.53%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        86382     36.67%     48.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122056     51.81%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119363197     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2118540      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17795      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12857698      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7565719      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    141922949                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.503495                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            235595                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534577874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    165951075                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139791862                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    142158544                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       288309                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2238160                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          582                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       107834                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3660837                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1535212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129271                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149464102                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        58738                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13999626                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7590088                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19412                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents       109134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          582                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1238915                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1197976                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2436891                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139962665                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12099295                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1960284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 152                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           19664727                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       19890950                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          7565432                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.496541                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            139792128                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           139791862                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        80244737                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       216221856                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.495935                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105537292                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    129862725                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19601393                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35891                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      2157913                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246815824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526152                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.374084                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193580321     78.43%     78.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26367532     10.68%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9979257      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4756562      1.93%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3982955      1.61%     96.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2299382      0.93%     97.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2026224      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       907809      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2915782      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246815824                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts    105537292                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    129862725                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             19243720                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            11761466                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             17906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         18726534                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       117004706                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2674186                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2915782                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          393363432                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         302589135                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               3183547                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              31398865                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts         105537292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           129862725                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total    105537292                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.670862                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.670862                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.374411                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.374411                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      629945095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     194727480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     138760372                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        35858                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 59                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       24453249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     20360331                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2221430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      9324871                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8951888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2631696                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect       103097                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    212781845                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            134120761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          24453249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches     11583584                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            27963257                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       6182032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles     19308538                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4783                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           54                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        13211870                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2123979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    263998959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.624389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.987093                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      236035702     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        1715656      0.65%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        2169856      0.82%     90.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        3440437      1.30%     92.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1441068      0.55%     92.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1855600      0.70%     93.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6        2158797      0.82%     94.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7         988485      0.37%     94.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       14193358      5.38%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    263998959                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.086752                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.475816                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      211534963                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles     20680378                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        27830516                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles        13251                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3939849                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3721644                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          633                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    163953142                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         3138                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3939849                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      211749243                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        682893                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles     19399392                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        27629680                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       597895                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    162945369                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          150                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents        86263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       416955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    227592214                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    757757304                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    757757304                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    190546776                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       37045396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        39460                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20565                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2102732                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     15261008                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7979749                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89500                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1803358                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        159113008                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        39606                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       152674031                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       151871                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     19242270                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39150270                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1492                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    263998959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.578313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302376                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    199302699     75.49%     75.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     29509294     11.18%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12066943      4.57%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6760949      2.56%     93.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      9157191      3.47%     97.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2818538      1.07%     98.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2774537      1.05%     99.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1491136      0.56%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       117672      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    263998959                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu       1052141     79.02%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       143282     10.76%     89.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       136131     10.22%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    128624039     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2087424      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        18895      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     13987934      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7955739      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    152674031                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.541636                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1331554                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008722                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    570830441                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    178395597                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    148709191                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    154005585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       113205                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2876636                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           62                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          716                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110311                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3939849                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        519210                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles        65953                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    159152623                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       124121                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     15261008                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7979749                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20565                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        57721                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           68                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          716                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1315479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1248716                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2564195                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    150020089                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     13761470                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2653937                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           21716484                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       21218957                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7955014                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.532221                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            148709658                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           148709191                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        89102727                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       239348436                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.527570                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.372272                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts    110855649                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    136599647                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     22553615                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        38114                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      2240403                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    260059110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.344070                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    202245503     77.77%     77.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     29301450     11.27%     89.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2     10634222      4.09%     93.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5299579      2.04%     95.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4850223      1.87%     97.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2034790      0.78%     97.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2015393      0.77%     98.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       959784      0.37%     98.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2718166      1.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    260059110                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts    110855649                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    136599647                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             20253807                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            12384369                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             19014                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         19800078                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       122983791                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2820696                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2718166                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          416493439                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         322246427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               3226146                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              17876567                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts         110855649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           136599647                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total    110855649                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.542726                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.542726                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393279                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393279                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      675028095                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     207801589                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     151631165                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        38082                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       20667959                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16948378                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2020159                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8556392                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8077864                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2119971                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90631                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197178768                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            117480629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          20667959                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches     10197835                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            25834228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5743659                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles     18442124                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        12147351                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2008468                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    245143695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.585899                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.923119                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      219309467     89.46%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        2798845      1.14%     90.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        3228412      1.32%     91.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        1778632      0.73%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        2065402      0.84%     93.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1125962      0.46%     93.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6         773048      0.32%     94.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        2003199      0.82%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       12060728      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    245143695                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.073323                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.416782                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      195585032                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles     20065975                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        25628062                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles       194898                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3669722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3355658                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred        18853                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    143399773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts        93290                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3669722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      195889624                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       6753346                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles     12452351                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        25527530                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       851116                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    143312379                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents          213                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       222830                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       393309                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents           46                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    199128871                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    667263576                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    667263576                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    170019121                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       29109748                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        37415                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20833                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2282977                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13674223                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      7454938                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       197166                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1656933                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        143080324                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37480                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       135196760                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       190069                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17916013                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     41437984                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4086                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245143695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.551500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.244072                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188178401     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22908794      9.35%     86.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12307746      5.02%     91.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8525005      3.48%     94.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7452296      3.04%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3820053      1.56%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       914354      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       594482      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       442564      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245143695                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35648     12.30%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead       123337     42.57%     54.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       130736     45.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113162480     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2114513      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16557      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12502187      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7401023      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    135196760                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.479633                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289721                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516017005                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    161035096                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132961574                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    135486481                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       340997                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2408579                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          850                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1283                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       165948                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8279                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         3689                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3669722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       6255754                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       150048                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143117925                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        71034                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13674223                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7454938                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20802                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents       105505                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1283                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1171081                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134493                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2305574                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133216786                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11742933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1979974                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 121                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           19142108                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       18638306                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          7399175                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.472609                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            132963664                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           132961574                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        79021091                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       206981098                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.471703                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.381779                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99839966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    122491686                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20627504                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33394                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      2031756                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    241473973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.507267                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.323756                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    191432589     79.28%     79.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23203448      9.61%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9726651      4.03%     92.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5847445      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4044258      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2614878      1.08%     98.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1353223      0.56%     98.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1090007      0.45%     99.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2161474      0.90%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    241473973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     99839966                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    122491686                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             18554634                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            11265644                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             16660                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         17530779                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       110431070                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2492100                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2161474                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          382431013                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         289908184                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3018820                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              36731831                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          99839966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           122491686                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     99839966                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.823273                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.823273                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.354199                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.354199                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      600919035                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     184522884                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     133840192                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        33364                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       19861653                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16243496                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8201220                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7835113                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2042084                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85924                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    192705340                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            112724035                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          19861653                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches      9877197                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            23620620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5645871                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      8886908                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11851462                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1951688                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    228877125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601709                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.946591                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      205256505     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1282922      0.56%     90.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        2024192      0.88%     91.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3219868      1.41%     92.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1333908      0.58%     93.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1486961      0.65%     93.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1594893      0.70%     94.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7        1036319      0.45%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       11641557      5.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    228877125                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.070462                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.399907                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      190870464                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles     10736050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        23547174                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        59637                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3663799                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3255936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          460                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    137633407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2818                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3663799                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      191164838                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles       2149632                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      7707389                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        23317583                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       873871                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    137542946                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents        37439                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents       236523                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       319438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.FullRegisterEvents        70519                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    190939209                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    639847134                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    639847134                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    162926228                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       28012981                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35526                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19766                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         2549612                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13100808                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7048021                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1600648                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        137348308                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35622                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       129983885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       164005                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17395064                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38832767                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3848                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    228877125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.567920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    174048489     76.04%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22023209      9.62%     85.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12029195      5.26%     90.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8200876      3.58%     94.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7666488      3.35%     97.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2204257      0.96%     98.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1720115      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       584237      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       400259      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    228877125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30304     12.63%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92461     38.54%     51.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117127     48.82%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108885895     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2056503      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15754      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12014511      9.24%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7011222      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    129983885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.461139                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt            239892                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001846                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    489248792                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    154780447                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127902058                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    130223777                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       394754                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2347406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          353                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1481                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       211940                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8087                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           87                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3663799                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles       1353850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117143                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137384075                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        56964                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13100808                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7048021                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19752                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86174                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1481                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1133123                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1106872                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2239995                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128140317                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11299920                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1843568                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                 145                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           18309374                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       18033844                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7009454                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.454599                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            127902939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           127902058                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        74778062                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       195362900                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.453754                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.382765                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95702404                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    117307053                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20077532                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31774                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      1980129                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    225213326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520871                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373185                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    177602081     78.86%     78.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23055632     10.24%     89.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8974921      3.99%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4837905      2.15%     95.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3618564      1.61%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2022168      0.90%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1249196      0.55%     98.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1115280      0.50%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2737579      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    225213326                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts     95702404                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    117307053                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             17589483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            10753402                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             15852                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         16838882                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       105702552                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2383114                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2737579                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          359859695                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         278433202                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               3123295                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              52998401                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts          95702404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           117307053                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total     95702404                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.945334                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.945334                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.339520                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.339520                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      577849079                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     177279941                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     128390078                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        31746                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       20669468                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16949317                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2022959                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8604569                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8096174                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2122573                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        90997                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    197505281                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            117381570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          20669468                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches     10218747                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            25839791                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5721083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles     18779501                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        12165648                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2012075                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    245786638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.584014                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.919864                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      219946847     89.49%     89.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2801677      1.14%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3238383      1.32%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1782686      0.73%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        2066374      0.84%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1141094      0.46%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         768871      0.31%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1993540      0.81%     95.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       12047166      4.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    245786638                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.073328                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.416431                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      195909820                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles     20404974                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        25635287                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       193420                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3643131                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3355618                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18935                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    143312772                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        93973                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3643131                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      196212459                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       6668537                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles     12877149                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        25533902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       851454                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    143224231                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          204                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       223177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       393585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.FullRegisterEvents           77                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    199014569                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    666804397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    666804397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    170246025                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       28768448                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        37614                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20987                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2280999                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13684668                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7458465                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       196979                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1652553                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        142986597                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37652                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       135284053                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       188775                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17654676                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     40512645                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4215                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    245786638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.550413                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.242904                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    188758206     76.80%     76.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22947187      9.34%     86.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12338369      5.02%     91.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8522866      3.47%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7445201      3.03%     97.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3820649      1.55%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       915200      0.37%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       595399      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       443561      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    245786638                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35278     12.19%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       122888     42.47%     54.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       131174     45.34%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    113240020     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2110150      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16579      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12511994      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7405310      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    135284053                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.479943                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            289340                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002139                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    516832859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160680189                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    133041898                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    135573393                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       342319                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2403963                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          822                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1266                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       159729                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8291                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked         4579                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3643131                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       6172896                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       149005                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143024367                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        75146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13684668                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7458465                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20952                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents       104416                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            3                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1266                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1173322                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1134337                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2307659                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133295405                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11755847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1988648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 118                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           19159305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       18656912                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7403458                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.472887                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            133043917                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           133041898                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        79074892                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       207060176                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.471988                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381893                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     99973234                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    122655132                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20370442                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33437                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      2034726                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    242143507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.506539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.322940                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    192034095     79.31%     79.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     23236549      9.60%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9737765      4.02%     92.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5857111      2.42%     95.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4049811      1.67%     97.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2617385      1.08%     98.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1354735      0.56%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1091307      0.45%     99.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2164749      0.89%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    242143507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     99973234                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    122655132                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             18579430                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            11280694                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             16682                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         17554149                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       110578445                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2495422                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2164749                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          383003656                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         289694428                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               3023675                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              36088888                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          99973234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           122655132                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     99973234                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.819510                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.819510                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.354672                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.354672                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      601293020                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     184639977                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     133756602                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        33406                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 56                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              281875526                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       21824352                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17858947                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2131689                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8960347                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8580741                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2251081                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        96821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    210037667                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            122070854                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          21824352                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10831822                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25476827                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5831923                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles     11314985                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1957                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        12852357                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      2133412                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    250503989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.598389                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.934126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      225027162     89.83%     89.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1190883      0.48%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1886396      0.75%     91.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        2553177      1.02%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        2629179      1.05%     93.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        2219693      0.89%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1236969      0.49%     94.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7        1845645      0.74%     95.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       11914885      4.76%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    250503989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.077425                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.433067                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      207875662                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles     13497469                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25428992                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        29716                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3672148                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3591107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    149782465                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1993                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3672148                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      208448807                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles       1870049                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles     10304309                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24892212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles      1316462                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    149724748                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          200                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents       195591                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       564806                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    208926747                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    696551125                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    696551125                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    181039441                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       27887299                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        37019                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19220                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         3909286                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     14014721                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7592943                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        89074                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1803490                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        149534421                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        37147                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       141962885                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        19555                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16600651                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39799379                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1254                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    250503989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.566709                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.259533                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    190439292     76.02%     76.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     24690852      9.86%     85.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     12508419      4.99%     90.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9449606      3.77%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7419307      2.96%     97.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2994691      1.20%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1888254      0.75%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       982374      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       131194      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    250503989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         27141     11.42%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.42% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        88738     37.33%     48.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       121828     51.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    119397505     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2120703      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17795      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12857723      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7569159      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    141962885                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.503637                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt            237707                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    534687019                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    166172797                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    139828036                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    142200592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       289746                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2253555                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          580                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       110870                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3672148                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles       1549766                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles       129052                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    149571718                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        60487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     14014721                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7592943                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19224                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents       108722                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          580                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1237788                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1201697                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2439485                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    139999060                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12099179                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1963823                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                 150                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19668042                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19895171                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7568863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.496670                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            139828254                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           139828036                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        80273478                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       216331825                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.496063                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.371066                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    105534609                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    129859389                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19712351                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        35893                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2158624                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    246831841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.373431                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    193559119     78.42%     78.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26405527     10.70%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9978783      4.04%     93.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4750641      1.92%     95.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4007271      1.62%     96.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2295939      0.93%     97.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      2016108      0.82%     98.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       908678      0.37%     98.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2909775      1.18%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    246831841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    105534609                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    129859389                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             19243235                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11761162                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17906                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         18726044                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       117001691                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2674109                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2909775                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          393493078                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         302815697                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               3183716                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              31371537                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         105534609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           129859389                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    105534609                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.670930                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.670930                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.374401                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.374401                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      630077230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     194779524                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     138849829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        35862                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                        19575                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.531099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                         231854                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                        21623                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        10.722564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.957047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     2.540640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1654.493007                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data         358.540407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.001241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.807858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.175069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999771                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                 36474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19919                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total               19919                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                  36631                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        36630                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                 36631                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19522                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total               19558                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19526                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                19562                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19526                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total               19562                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16601455070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16682196225                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5346197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      5346197                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16606801267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total    16687542422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     80741155                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  16606801267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total   16687542422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        55995                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total             56032                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19919                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total           19919                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total             161                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56156                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total              56193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        56156                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total             56193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348638                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349051                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.024845                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347710                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348122                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347710                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348122                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 850397.247721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 852960.232386                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 1336549.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1336549.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 850496.838421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 853059.115735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2242809.861111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 850496.838421                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 853059.115735                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks              10580                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                   10580                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19522                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19558                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total           19562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        19526                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total          19562                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14887057437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14964637394                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      4994708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4994708                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14892052145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  14969632102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     77579957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  14892052145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  14969632102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.348638                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349051                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.024845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347710                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.347710                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 762578.497951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765141.496779                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1248677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1248677                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 762678.077691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765240.369185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2154998.805556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 762678.077691                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 765240.369185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                        36427                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.939173                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         205218                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                        38475                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                         5.333801                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.553153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     1.800953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1823.642475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data         218.942592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000879                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.890450                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.106906                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42704                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                 42705                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13552                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total               13552                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42732                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                  42733                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        42732                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                 42733                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36338                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total               36380                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36385                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                36427                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36385                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total               36427                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67297681                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34787122680                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34854420361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     70486911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     70486911                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67297681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34857609591                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total    34924907272                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67297681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  34857609591                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total   34924907272                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total             79085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total           13552                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total              79160                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        79117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total             79160                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459730                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460011                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459889                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460169                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459889                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460169                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602325.738095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 957320.784853                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 958065.430484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1499721.510638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1499721.510638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602325.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 958021.426165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 958764.303182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1602325.738095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 958021.426165                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 958764.303182                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks               5722                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                    5722                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36385                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total           36427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        36385                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total          36427                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63609537                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31595671675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31659281212                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     66359786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     66359786                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63609537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31662031461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31725640998                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     63609537                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  31662031461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31725640998                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459730                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459889                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.459889                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460169                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514512.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 869493.964307                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870238.625948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 1411910.340426                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1411910.340426                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514512.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870194.625835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870937.518818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1514512.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 870194.625835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 870937.518818                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                        19130                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.839047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         160766                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                        21178                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                         7.591180                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.629739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     2.501242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1673.222347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data         343.485719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.001221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.817003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.167718                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999921                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                 36295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6535                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                6535                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                  71                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                  36366                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        36365                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                 36366                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total               19129                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                19129                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total               19129                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14996677797                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15055649517                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14996677797                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total    15055649517                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58971720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  14996677797                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total   15055649517                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55389                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total             55424                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6535                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total            6535                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55460                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total              55495                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        55460                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total             55495                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345139                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.344698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.344698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785371.971563                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 787058.890533                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785371.971563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 787058.890533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1734462.352941                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 785371.971563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 787058.890533                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks               2545                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                    2545                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19129                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total           19129                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        19095                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total          19129                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13319830237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13375816757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13319830237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13375816757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     55986520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  13319830237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13375816757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345139                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344302                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344698                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.344302                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.344698                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697555.917099                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699242.864603                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697555.917099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699242.864603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1646662.352941                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 697555.917099                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 699242.864603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                        12708                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.433175                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         195579                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                        14756                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        13.254202                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.937060                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     4.961567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1529.317454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data         486.217094                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.002423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.746737                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.237411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30310                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                 30312                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                9747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                 167                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                  30479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        30477                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                 30479                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12662                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total               12704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12662                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                12704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12662                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total               12704                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83797720                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10433111438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10516909158                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83797720                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10433111438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total    10516909158                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     83797720                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  10433111438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total   10516909158                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        42972                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total             43016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total            9747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total             167                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total              43183                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        43139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total             43183                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294657                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293516                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293516                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995183.809524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823970.260464                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 827842.345560                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995183.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823970.260464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 827842.345560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1995183.809524                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 823970.260464                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 827842.345560                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks               5569                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                    5569                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12703                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total           12703                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        12661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total          12703                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80109388                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9320271613                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400381001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80109388                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9320271613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400381001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     80109388                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   9320271613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9400381001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.294634                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295309                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294167                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.293493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294167                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907366.380952                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736140.242714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740012.674250                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907366.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736140.242714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740012.674250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1907366.380952                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 736140.242714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 740012.674250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                        12731                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.441499                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         195610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                        14779                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        13.235672                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.944910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     5.164393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1529.010740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data         486.321456                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.002522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.746587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.237462                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                 30328                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                9762                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                 165                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                  30493                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        30491                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                 30493                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12684                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total               12727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12684                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                12727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12684                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total               12727                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10311017938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10384042764                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10311017938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total    10384042764                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73024826                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  10311017938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total   10384042764                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43010                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total             43055                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total            9762                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total             165                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total              43220                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        43175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total             43220                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294908                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812915.321507                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 815906.558026                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812915.321507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 815906.558026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1698251.767442                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 812915.321507                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 815906.558026                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks               5581                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                    5581                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12683                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total           12726                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        12683                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total          12726                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9195052953                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264300453                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9195052953                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264300453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     69247500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   9195052953                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9264300453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.294885                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293758                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.955556                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.293758                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724990.377119                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727982.119519                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724990.377119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727982.119519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1610406.976744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 724990.377119                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 727982.119519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                        36538                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.937249                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         205436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                        38586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                         5.324107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.559689                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     1.820263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1821.873641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data         220.683657                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000889                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.889587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.107756                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999969                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                 42825                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13648                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total               13648                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                  30                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                  42855                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        42854                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                 42855                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total               36493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_misses::total                45                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                36538                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total               36538                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75712281                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34333250759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34408963040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     74051846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     74051846                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75712281                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34407302605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total    34483014886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     75712281                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  34407302605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total   34483014886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        79275                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total             79318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13648                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total           13648                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        79350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total              79393                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        79350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total             79393                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459804                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.460085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.600000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460217                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460217                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1802673.357143                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 941901.477573                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942892.144795                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1645596.577778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1645596.577778                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1802673.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942769.141961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 943757.591713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1802673.357143                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 942769.141961                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 943757.591713                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks               5739                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                    5739                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36493                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total           36538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        36496                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total          36538                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72024681                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31132474126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31204498807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     70100324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70100324                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72024681                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31202574450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31274599131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     72024681                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  31202574450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31274599131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460085                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.600000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.976744                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.459937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714873.357143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854091.084634                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855081.763818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1557784.977778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1557784.977778                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714873.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854958.747534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855947.209234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1714873.357143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 854958.747534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 855947.209234                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                        19108                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.834421                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                         160591                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                        21156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                         7.590802                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          28.627786                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     2.420448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  1671.831509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data         344.954678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013978                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.001182                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.816324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.168435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999919                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36143                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                 36144                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks           6511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                6511                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                  72                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36215                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                  36216                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        36215                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                 36216                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total               19107                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                19107                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total               19107                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67872891                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15325481787                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   15393354678                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67872891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15325481787                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total    15393354678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     67872891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  15325481787                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total   15393354678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total             55251                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         6511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total            6511                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              72                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55288                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total              55323                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        55288                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total             55323                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.345822                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344975                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.345372                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344975                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.345372                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1996261.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803517.107272                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 805639.539331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1996261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803517.107272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 805639.539331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1996261.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 803517.107272                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 805639.539331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks               2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                    2541                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total           19107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        19073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total          19107                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64887437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13650264427                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13715151864                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64887437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13650264427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13715151864                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64887437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  13650264427                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13715151864                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.345425                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344975                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345372                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.971429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.344975                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.345372                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908454.029412                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715685.231846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717807.707332                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908454.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715685.231846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717807.707332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1908454.029412                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 715685.231846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 717807.707332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                        36497                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.939161                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         205393                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                        38545                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                         5.328655                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           3.547044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     1.903849                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  1821.704295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data         220.783972                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.001732                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000930                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.889504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.107805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42795                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                 42796                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks          13636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total               13636                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                  28                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                  42824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        42823                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                 42824                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total               36450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                47                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                36497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36454                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total               36497                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61561607                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34387602515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   34449164122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     75885324                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     75885324                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61561607                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34463487839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total    34525049446                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61561607                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  34463487839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total   34525049446                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79202                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total             79246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total           13636                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total              75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79277                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total              79321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        79277                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total             79321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459673                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.459960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.626667                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459831                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.460118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459831                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.460118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1431665.279070                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 944532.713901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 945107.383320                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1614581.361702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1614581.361702                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1431665.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945396.605009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 945969.516563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1431665.279070                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 945396.605009                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 945969.516563                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks               5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                    5732                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          36450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total           36497                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        36454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total          36497                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57786207                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31190839850                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31248626057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     71757785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71757785                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57786207                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31262597635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31320383842                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     57786207                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  31262597635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31320383842                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.459960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.626667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459831                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460118                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.977273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.459831                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.460118                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343865.279070                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 856726.449584                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 857301.126392                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1526761.382979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1526761.382979                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343865.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857590.323010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858163.241965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1343865.279070                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 857590.323010                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 858163.241965                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                        12710                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.447674                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         195574                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                        14758                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        13.252067                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.952646                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     5.078227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  1529.198920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data         486.217882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.002480                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.746679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.237411                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30305                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                 30307                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                9747                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                  30471                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        30469                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                 30471                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12664                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total               12706                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                12706                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12664                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total               12706                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10408801144                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10501288136                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10408801144                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total    10501288136                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92486992                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  10408801144                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total   10501288136                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        42969                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total             43013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total            9747                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total              43177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        43133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total             43177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294724                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295399                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293604                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293604                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821920.494630                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826482.617346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821920.494630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826482.617346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2202071.238095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 821920.494630                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826482.617346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks               5569                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                    5569                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12663                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12663                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total           12705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        12663                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total          12705                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9294471684                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9383271076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9294471684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9383271076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     88799392                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   9294471684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9383271076                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.294701                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295376                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293580                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294254                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.293580                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294254                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733986.550107                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738549.474695                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733986.550107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738549.474695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2114271.238095                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 733986.550107                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738549.474695                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                        19549                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.541818                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                         231663                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                        21597                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        10.726629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.924319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     2.598944                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1658.432991                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data         354.585564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015588                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.001269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.809782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.173137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                 36348                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19854                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total               19854                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36503                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                  36504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        36503                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                 36504                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19496                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total               19532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                19536                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19500                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total               19536                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72766916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16862800643                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16935567559                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3424809                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3424809                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72766916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16866225452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total    16938992368                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     72766916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  16866225452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total   16938992368                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        55843                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total             55880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19854                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total           19854                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56003                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total              56040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        56003                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total             56040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348196                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348608                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348196                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348608                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021303.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864936.430191                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 867067.763619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 856202.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 856202.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021303.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864934.638564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 867065.538903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2021303.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 864934.638564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 867065.538903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks              10552                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                   10552                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19496                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total           19536                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        19500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total          19536                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69594866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15149791279                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15219386145                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      3072859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3072859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69594866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15152864138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15222459004                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     69594866                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  15152864138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15222459004                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349122                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348196                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348608                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.348196                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348608                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933190.722222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777071.772620                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779202.649242                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 768214.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 768214.750000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777069.955795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779200.399468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1933190.722222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 777069.955795                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 779200.399468                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                        12722                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.447874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                         195604                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                        14770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        13.243331                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.950412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     5.049658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1529.204563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data         486.243241                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013159                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.002466                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.746682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.237423                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999730                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30324                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                 30326                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                9758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                 164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                  30490                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        30488                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                 30490                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total               12718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                12718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12676                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total               12718                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10332909876                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10408208828                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10332909876                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total    10408208828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75298952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  10332909876                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total   10408208828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43000                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total             43044                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total            9758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total             164                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total              43208                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        43164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total             43208                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295465                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293671                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294344                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293671                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294344                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815155.402020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818384.087750                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815155.402020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818384.087750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1792832.190476                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 815155.402020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818384.087750                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks               5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                    5576                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total           12717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        12675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total          12717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9218725486                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290336838                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9218725486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290336838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     71611352                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   9218725486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290336838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.294767                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295442                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293647                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.293647                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727315.620197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730544.691201                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727315.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730544.691201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1705032.190476                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 727315.620197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730544.691201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                         9076                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.227638                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         217937                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                        11124                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        19.591604                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks          38.076410                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     4.862507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1403.260522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data         601.028199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.018592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.002374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.685186                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.293471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999623                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29729                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                 29731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9276                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                9276                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                 226                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                  29957                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        29955                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                 29957                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                9076                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                 9076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                9076                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96582172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7404380164                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    7500962336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96582172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7404380164                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total     7500962336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96582172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   7404380164                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total    7500962336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38771                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total             38807                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9276                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total            9276                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total             226                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total              39033                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38997                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total             39033                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233216                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.233875                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.232521                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.232521                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2840652.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 818887.432426                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 826461.253416                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2840652.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 818887.432426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 826461.253416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2840652.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 818887.432426                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 826461.253416                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks               4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                    4779                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total            9076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data         9042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total           9076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93596082                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6610234600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703830682                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93596082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6610234600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703830682                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     93596082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   6610234600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6703830682                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.233216                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233875                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231864                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232521                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.944444                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.231864                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.232521                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2752825.941176                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 731058.902898                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738632.732702                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2752825.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 731058.902898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738632.732702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2752825.941176                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 731058.902898                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 738632.732702                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                        19688                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.529689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         231719                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                        21736                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        10.660609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          32.043201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     2.584861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  1658.106676                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data         354.794951                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015646                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.001262                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.809622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.173240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36414                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                 36415                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19844                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total               19844                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                 157                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36571                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                  36572                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        36571                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                 36572                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19634                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total               19670                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_misses::total                 5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19639                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                19675                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19639                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total               19675                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69000251                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16928522349                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16997522600                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      4321963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      4321963                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69000251                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16932844312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total    17001844563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69000251                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  16932844312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total   17001844563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56048                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total             56085                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total           19844                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56210                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total              56247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        56210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total             56247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350307                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.350718                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.030864                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.349796                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.349796                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916673.638889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862204.459051                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864134.346721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 864392.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 864392.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916673.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862205.016141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 864134.412351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1916673.638889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 862205.016141                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 864134.412351                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks              10565                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                   10565                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19634                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19670                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19639                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total           19675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        19639                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total          19675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65839451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15204093096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15269932547                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      3882963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3882963                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65839451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15207976059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15273815510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     65839451                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  15207976059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15273815510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350307                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.350718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.030864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349796                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.349386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349796                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1828873.638889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 774375.730671                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776305.670920                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 776592.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776592.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1828873.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 774376.295076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776305.743837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1828873.638889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 774376.295076                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 776305.743837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                        30868                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.608856                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         166296                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                        32916                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                         5.052133                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          11.689153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.895789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1658.642618                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data         373.381297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.005708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.001902                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.809884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.182315                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999809                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38859                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                 38860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks           8077                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                8077                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                 101                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                  38961                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        38960                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                 38961                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30791                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total               30832                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_misses::total                26                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30817                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                30858                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30817                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total               30858                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72135856                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28413637340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   28485773196                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     22688098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     22688098                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72135856                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28436325438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total    28508461294                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72135856                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  28436325438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total   28508461294                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69650                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total             69692                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         8077                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total            8077                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total             127                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total              69819                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        69777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total             69819                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442082                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.442404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.204724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.204724                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441650                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.441971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441650                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.441971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759411.121951                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922790.339385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 923902.867021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 872619.153846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 872619.153846                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759411.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922748.010449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 923859.656945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1759411.121951                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 922748.010449                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 923859.656945                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks               4613                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                    4613                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          30832                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data           26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total           30858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        30817                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total          30858                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68535530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25709613658                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  25778149188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     20405298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     20405298                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68535530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25730018956                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25798554486                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     68535530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  25730018956                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25798554486                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.442082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.442404                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.204724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441650                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.976190                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.441650                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.441971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1671598.292683                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834971.701406                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836084.236767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 784819.153846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 784819.153846                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1671598.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834929.388195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836041.042388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1671598.292683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 834929.388195                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 836041.042388                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                        19600                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.529522                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         231806                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                        21648                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        10.707964                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          31.887785                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     2.425742                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1656.051729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data         357.164265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.015570                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.001184                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.808619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.174397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36430                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                 36431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks          19913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total               19913                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                 156                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36586                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                  36587                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        36586                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                 36587                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19549                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total               19585                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_misses::total                 4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                19589                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19553                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total               19589                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70832123                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16679769304                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   16750601427                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      3206374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3206374                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70832123                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16682975678                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total    16753807801                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     70832123                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  16682975678                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total   16753807801                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        55979                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total             56016                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        19913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total           19913                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total             160                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56139                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total              56176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        56139                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total             56176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.349632                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.025000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.348708                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.348708                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1967558.972222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853228.774055                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855277.070564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 801593.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 801593.500000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1967558.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853218.210914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 855266.108581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1967558.972222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 853218.210914                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 855266.108581                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks              10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                   10599                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          19585                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19553                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total           19589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        19553                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total          19589                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67671006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14962952700                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  15030623706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      2855174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2855174                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67671006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14965807874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  15033478880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     67671006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  14965807874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  15033478880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.349632                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.025000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348296                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.348296                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.348708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879750.166667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765407.575835                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767455.895124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 713793.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 713793.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879750.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765397.017031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767444.937465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1879750.166667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765397.017031                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767444.937465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                        12722                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.454024                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         195600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                        14770                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        13.243060                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          26.962120                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     4.948729                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1529.198069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data         486.345106                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.002416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.746679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.237473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999733                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30320                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                 30322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks           9758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                9758                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                 162                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30482                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                  30484                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        30482                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                 30484                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12676                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total               12718                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12676                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                12718                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12676                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total               12718                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93520336                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10314622434                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   10408142770                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93520336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10314622434                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total    10408142770                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     93520336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  10314622434                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total   10408142770                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        42996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total             43040                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         9758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total            9758                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total             162                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        43158                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total              43202                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        43158                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total             43202                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294818                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.295493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293711                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.294385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293711                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.294385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2226674.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 813712.719628                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 818378.893694                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2226674.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 813712.719628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 818378.893694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2226674.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 813712.719628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 818378.893694                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks               5577                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                    5577                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.demand_mshr_hits::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.overall_mshr_hits::total                1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          12717                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12675                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total           12717                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        12675                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total          12717                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89829908                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9200978422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290808330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89829908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9200978422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290808330                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     89829908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9200978422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9290808330                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.294795                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.295469                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293688                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.293688                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.294361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2138807.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 725915.457357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730581.766926                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2138807.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 725915.457357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730581.766926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2138807.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 725915.457357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 730581.766926                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              518.288741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1012183708                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1950257.626204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    36.288741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.058155                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12175616                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       12175616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     12175616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      12175616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114625531                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12175667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     12175667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     12175667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     12175667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2247559.431373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     81115198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2192302.648649                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                56156                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              172662304                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                56412                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              3060.737148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.817783                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.182217                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.913351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.086649                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      8584293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8584293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7259380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7259380                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17661                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       15843673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     15843673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      15843673                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data       191541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         5498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5498                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total       197039                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data       197039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total       197039                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  80537551646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  80537551646                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3568257905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3568257905                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84105809551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84105809551                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  84105809551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84105809551                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      8775834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8775834                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7264878                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17661                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16710                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16040712                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16040712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16040712                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012284                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 420471.604753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 420471.604753                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 649010.168243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 649010.168243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 426848.540396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 426848.540396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 426848.540396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 426848.540396                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     49936462                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets            92                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 542787.630435                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total           19919                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       135546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         5337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5337                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140883                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data       140883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140883                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        55995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        56156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19162120866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19162120866                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15547891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15547891                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19177668757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19177668757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data  19177668757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19177668757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006381                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003501                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 342211.284329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342211.284329                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 96570.751553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96570.751553                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341507.029650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341507.029650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 341507.029650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341507.029650                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              581.715155                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs             1041142272                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1776693.296928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    40.638608                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   541.076547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.065126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.867110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11559491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11559491                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11559491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11559491                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11559491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11559491                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101039519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    101039519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101039519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    101039519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    101039519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    101039519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11559556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11559556                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11559556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11559556                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11559556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11559556                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000006                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554454.138462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1554454.138462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554454.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1554454.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1554454.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1554454.138462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           22                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67713523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     67713523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67713523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     67713523                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     67713523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     67713523                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1574733.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574733.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1574733.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574733.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1574733.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1574733.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                79117                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              448387609                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                79373                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              5649.120091                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   111.910088                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   144.089912                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     30259826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30259826                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     16567357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16567357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8098                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8098                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46827183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       46827183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     46827183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      46827183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290103                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       290402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       290402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       290402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 143877112334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 143877112334                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    271313150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    271313150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144148425484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 144148425484                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 144148425484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 144148425484                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     30549929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30549929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     16567656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16567656                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8098                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8098                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8084                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47117585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47117585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     47117585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47117585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009496                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006163                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 495951.825159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 495951.825159                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 907401.839465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907401.839465                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496375.457070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 496375.457070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 496375.457070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 496375.457070                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638653                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638653                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total           13552                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211061                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       211285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211285                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79117                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        79117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79117                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38005542872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  38005542872                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     72737676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72737676                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38078280548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  38078280548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  38078280548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  38078280548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 480827.191518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 480827.191518                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 969835.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 969835.680000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481290.753542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481290.753542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 481290.753542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 481290.753542                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              559.514679                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              931091798                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1656746.971530                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    33.481382                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.033297                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.053656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.843002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.896658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12394615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12394615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12394615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       12394615                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     12394615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      12394615                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           50                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           50                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           50                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     73550383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73550383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12394665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12394665                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12394665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     12394665                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     12394665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     12394665                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1471007.660000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     59365025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     59365025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1696143.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                55460                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              224807713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                55716                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4034.886083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   202.780191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    53.219809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.792110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.207890                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data     18210501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18210501                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      3511088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3511088                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21721589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       21721589                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     21721589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      21721589                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       195685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195685                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          307                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       195992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       195992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       195992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       195992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86373118358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  86373118358                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     26432532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     26432532                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86399550890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  86399550890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  86399550890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  86399550890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     18406186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18406186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      3511395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3511395                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8330                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8240                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21917581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21917581                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     21917581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21917581                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000087                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 441388.549751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 441388.549751                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86099.452769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86099.452769                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440832.028297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 440832.028297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 440832.028297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 440832.028297                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            6535                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       140296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          236                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data       140532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140532                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55389                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55460                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        55460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55460                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17535309004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17535309004                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      4627448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4627448                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17539936452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17539936452                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  17539936452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17539936452                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002530                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316584.682951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316584.682951                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 65175.323944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65175.323944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316262.828201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316262.828201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 316262.828201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 316262.828201                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              518.031348                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1011536853                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1949011.277457                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    43.031348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.068960                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12841018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12841018                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12841018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       12841018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     12841018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      12841018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           65                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           65                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           65                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119785920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    119785920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119785920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    119785920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    119785920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    119785920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12841083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12841083                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12841083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     12841083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     12841083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     12841083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1842860.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1842860.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1842860.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1842860.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1842860.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1842860.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84281278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     84281278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84281278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     84281278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     84281278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     84281278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915483.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915483.590909                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915483.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915483.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 1915483.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1915483.590909                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                43139                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              167218021                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                43395                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3853.393732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.435801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.564199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.911859                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.088141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8842711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8842711                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      7442590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7442590                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17921                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16285301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       16285301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     16285301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      16285301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       138147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138147                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          995                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       139142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       139142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       139142                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  46917192663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46917192663                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     83857566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     83857566                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47001050229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  47001050229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  47001050229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  47001050229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8980858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8980858                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      7443585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7443585                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19173                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17921                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16424443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16424443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     16424443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16424443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015382                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 339617.890095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339617.890095                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 84278.960804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84278.960804                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337791.969563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337791.969563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 337791.969563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337791.969563                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total            9747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        95175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          828                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data        96003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96003                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        42972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          167                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        43139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12514141364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12514141364                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10764956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10764956                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12524906320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524906320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  12524906320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12524906320                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 291216.172484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 291216.172484                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 64460.814371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64460.814371                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290338.355548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290338.355548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 290338.355548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290338.355548                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              518.668452                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1011552031                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1945292.367308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    43.668452                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.069981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.831199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12856196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12856196                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12856196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       12856196                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     12856196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      12856196                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99013590                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12856257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12856257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12856257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     12856257                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     12856257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     12856257                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623173.606557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           45                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73517086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1633713.022222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                43175                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              167230785                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                43431                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              3850.493541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.432687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.567313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.911846                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.088154                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8849081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8849081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      7448639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7448639                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        19503                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19503                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17936                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17936                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16297720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       16297720                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     16297720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      16297720                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       138433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          981                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       139414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       139414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       139414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46575032261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46575032261                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     82796676                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46657828937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46657828937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  46657828937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46657828937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8987514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8987514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      7449620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7449620                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        19503                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19503                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17936                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17936                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16437134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16437134                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     16437134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16437134                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015403                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008482                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 336444.577962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 336444.577962                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84400.281346                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334671.044063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 334671.044063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 334671.044063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 334671.044063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            9762                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        95423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        96239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        96239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        96239                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43010                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        43175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12393290967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12393290967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10661644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12403952611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12403952611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  12403952611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12403952611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 288149.057591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288149.057591                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64616.024242                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287294.791222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287294.791222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 287294.791222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287294.791222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              581.253310                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1041179027                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1776756.018771                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    41.118890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   540.134420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.065896                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.865600                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.931496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11596246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11596246                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11596246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11596246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11596246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11596246                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           59                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           59                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           59                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107609014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    107609014                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107609014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    107609014                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107609014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    107609014                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11596305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11596305                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11596305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11596305                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11596305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11596305                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823881.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1823881.593220                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823881.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1823881.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1823881.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1823881.593220                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       471128                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       471128                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76127485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76127485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76127485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     76127485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     76127485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     76127485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770406.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770406.627907                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770406.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770406.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1770406.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1770406.627907                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                79350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              448509062                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                79606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              5634.111273                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   111.908804                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   144.091196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.437144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.562856                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     30335761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30335761                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data     16612821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16612821                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46948582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       46948582                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     46948582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      46948582                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       290479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290479                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          297                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       290776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       290776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       290776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       290776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 142071897388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142071897388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    286030579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    286030579                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 142357927967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142357927967                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 142357927967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142357927967                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     30626240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30626240                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     16613118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16613118                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8130                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8106                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     47239358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47239358                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     47239358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47239358                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009485                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489095.244021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 489095.244021                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 963065.922559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 963065.922559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489579.359944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 489579.359944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 489579.359944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 489579.359944                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278442                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets      1278442                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           13648                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       211204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       211426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       211426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211426                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        79275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        79350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        79350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  37560703951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37560703951                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     76427707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     76427707                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  37637131658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37637131658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  37637131658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37637131658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001680                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 473802.635774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 473802.635774                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 1019036.093333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1019036.093333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 474317.979307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474317.979307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 474317.979307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474317.979307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    2                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              558.549891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              931055212                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  562                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1656681.871886                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    33.359936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   525.189955                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.053461                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.841651                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895112                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12358029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12358029                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12358029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       12358029                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     12358029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      12358029                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83342192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     83342192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83342192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     83342192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     83342192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     83342192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12358080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12358080                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12358080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     12358080                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     12358080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     12358080                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634160.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1634160.627451                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634160.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1634160.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1634160.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1634160.627451                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           35                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68262995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68262995                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68262995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68262995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     68262995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68262995                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1950371.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950371.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1950371.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950371.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 1950371.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1950371.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                55288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              224737468                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                55544                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              4046.116016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   201.966597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    54.033403                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.788932                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.211068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data     18153579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      18153579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      3497856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3497856                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21651435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       21651435                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     21651435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      21651435                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       195062                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          319                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       195381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       195381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       195381                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88100426841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  88100426841                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     27792754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27792754                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88128219595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  88128219595                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  88128219595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  88128219595                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     18348641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     18348641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      3498175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3498175                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8270                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8209                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21846816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     21846816                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     21846816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     21846816                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.010631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010631                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000091                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008943                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451653.458085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 451653.458085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 87124.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87124.620690                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451058.289163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 451058.289163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 451058.289163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 451058.289163                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            6511                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       139846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       139846                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          247                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       140093                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140093                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55216                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        55288                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        55288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        55288                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17853829457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17853829457                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      4723425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4723425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17858552882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17858552882                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  17858552882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17858552882                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003009                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002531                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323345.216187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323345.216187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 65603.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65603.125000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323009.565946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323009.565946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 323009.565946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 323009.565946                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    3                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              581.916142                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1041173917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  587                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1773720.471891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    41.582032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   540.334110                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.066638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.865920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.932558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11591136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11591136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11591136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11591136                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11591136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11591136                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86209384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86209384                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86209384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86209384                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     86209384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86209384                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11591196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11591196                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11591196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11591196                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11591196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11591196                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436823.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1436823.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436823.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1436823.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1436823.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1436823.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61983549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61983549                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61983549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61983549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     61983549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61983549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1408717.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1408717.022727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1408717.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1408717.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1408717.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1408717.022727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                79277                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              448490506                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                79533                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              5639.049275                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   111.910021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   144.089979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.437149                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.562851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     30323132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30323132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data     16606911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16606911                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8117                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46930043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       46930043                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     46930043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      46930043                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       290480                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          299                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       290779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       290779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       290779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142573559527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total 142573559527                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    291930250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    291930250                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142865489777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total 142865489777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 142865489777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total 142865489777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     30613612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30613612                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     16607210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16607210                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8117                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8102                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47220822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47220822                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     47220822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47220822                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009489                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000018                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 490820.571217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 490820.571217                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 976355.351171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 976355.351171                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491319.833196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 491319.833196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 491319.833196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 491319.833196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       638474                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       638474                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total           13636                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       211278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          224                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       211502                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       211502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       211502                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        79202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        79277                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        79277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        79277                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37612796459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  37612796459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     78120628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     78120628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37690917087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  37690917087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  37690917087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  37690917087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002587                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001679                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 474897.053850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 474897.053850                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 1041608.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1041608.373333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475433.191052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475433.191052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 475433.191052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 475433.191052                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              518.049455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1011539783                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1949016.922929                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    43.049455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.068990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12843948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12843948                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12843948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       12843948                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     12843948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      12843948                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           58                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           58                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           58                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    120037861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    120037861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12844006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12844006                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12844006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     12844006                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     12844006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     12844006                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2069618.293103                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       236619                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst     92984898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     92984898                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2113293.136364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                43133                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              167215697                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                43389                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              3853.873032                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   233.430261                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    22.569739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.911837                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.088163                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      8840398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8840398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data      7442221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7442221                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        19532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19532                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        17920                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17920                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16282619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       16282619                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16282619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      16282619                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       138155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       139128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       139128                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       139128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       139128                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46850018785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46850018785                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     81955477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81955477                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46931974262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46931974262                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  46931974262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46931974262                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      8978553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8978553                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data      7443194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7443194                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        19532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19532                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        17920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17920                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16421747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16421747                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16421747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16421747                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008472                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 339112.003076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 339112.003076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 84229.678314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84229.678314                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337329.468274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 337329.468274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 337329.468274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 337329.468274                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total            9747                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95186                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95995                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data        95995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95995                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        42969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        43133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43133                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12489570423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12489570423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     10568526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10568526                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12500138949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12500138949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  12500138949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12500138949                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 290664.675068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 290664.675068                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 64442.231707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64442.231707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289804.533629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289804.533629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 289804.533629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 289804.533629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              518.234877                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1012159805                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1950211.570328                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    36.234877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.058069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12151713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12151713                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12151713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       12151713                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     12151713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      12151713                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103214725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103214725                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103214725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103214725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst    103214725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103214725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12151764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12151764                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12151764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     12151764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     12151764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     12151764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2023818.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2023818.137255                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2023818.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2023818.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2023818.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2023818.137255                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73163754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     73163754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73163754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     73163754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     73163754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     73163754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1977398.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977398.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1977398.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977398.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1977398.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1977398.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                56003                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              172626217                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                56259                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              3068.419577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.816313                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.183687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.913345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.086655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      8565405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8565405                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7242253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7242253                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17630                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        16669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16669                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15807658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       15807658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     15807658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      15807658                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data       190597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       190597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         5526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5526                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total       196123                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data       196123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total       196123                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  81057827068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81057827068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3373335524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3373335524                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84431162592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84431162592                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  84431162592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84431162592                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      8756002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8756002                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7247779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7247779                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17630                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        16669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16669                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16003781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16003781                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16003781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16003781                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 425283.855821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425283.855821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 610447.977561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 610447.977561                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430501.076325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430501.076325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 430501.076325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430501.076325                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     47296099                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            95                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 497853.673684                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total           19854                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       134754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       134754                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         5366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data       140120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140120                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        55843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56003                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        56003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56003                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19415246219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19415246219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     13549772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13549772                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19428795991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19428795991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data  19428795991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19428795991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.006378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006378                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003499                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 347675.558602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347675.558602                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 84686.075000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 84686.075000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 346924.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346924.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 346924.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346924.200329                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              517.870067                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1011546348                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1949029.572254                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    42.870067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.068702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12850513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12850513                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12850513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       12850513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     12850513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      12850513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           61                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           61                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           61                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    105008625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12850574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12850574                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12850574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     12850574                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     12850574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     12850574                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1721452.868852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     75789761                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1722494.568182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                43164                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              167227223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                43420                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              3851.386988                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.435682                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.564318                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.911858                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.088142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8847547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8847547                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      7446841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7446841                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17929                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17929                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16294388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       16294388                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     16294388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      16294388                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       138096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138096                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          973                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       139069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       139069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       139069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46263159762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46263159762                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     81833884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     81833884                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46344993646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46344993646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  46344993646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46344993646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8985643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8985643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      7447814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7447814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19280                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17929                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17929                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16433457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16433457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     16433457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16433457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015369                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 335007.239616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 335007.239616                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 84104.711202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84104.711202                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333251.793326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333251.793326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 333251.793326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333251.793326                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95096                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          809                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95905                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        95905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95905                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        43000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          164                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        43164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12415112081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12415112081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     10570069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10570069                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12425682150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12425682150                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  12425682150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12425682150                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 288723.536767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288723.536767                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 64451.640244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64451.640244                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287871.424103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287871.424103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 287871.424103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287871.424103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              489.714977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1015000779                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  491                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             2067211.362525                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    34.714977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.055633                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.784800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13211821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      13211821                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13211821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       13211821                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     13211821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      13211821                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140932906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    140932906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140932906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    140932906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    140932906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    140932906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13211868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     13211868                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13211868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     13211868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     13211868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     13211868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2998572.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2998572.468085                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2998572.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2998572.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2998572.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2998572.468085                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      2611067                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 870355.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96993652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     96993652                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96993652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     96993652                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     96993652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     96993652                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2694268.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694268.111111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2694268.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694268.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2694268.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2694268.111111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                38997                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              165441759                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                39253                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              4214.754516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.560004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.439996                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data     10536819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      10536819                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      7828679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7828679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        20262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        20262                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        19041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        19041                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18365498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       18365498                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     18365498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      18365498                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       100517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       100517                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2292                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       102809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       102809                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       102809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       102809                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22582444703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  22582444703                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    147716121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    147716121                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22730160824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22730160824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  22730160824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22730160824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     10637336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10637336                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      7830971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7830971                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        20262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        20262                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        19041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        19041                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18468307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     18468307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     18468307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     18468307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009449                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005567                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 224662.939632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 224662.939632                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 64448.569372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 64448.569372                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221091.157622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 221091.157622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 221091.157622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 221091.157622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total            9276                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        61746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        61746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         2066                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        63812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data        63812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        63812                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        38771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          226                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        38997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        38997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        38997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9412672261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9412672261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     16505552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16505552                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9429177813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   9429177813                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   9429177813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   9429177813                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003645                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 242776.102267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 242776.102267                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 73033.415929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73033.415929                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241792.389491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241792.389491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 241792.389491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 241792.389491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              518.249811                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1012155392                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1950203.067437                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    36.249811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.058093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830529                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12147300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12147300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12147300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       12147300                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     12147300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      12147300                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99060934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     99060934                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99060934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     99060934                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     99060934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     99060934                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12147351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12147351                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12147351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     12147351                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     12147351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     12147351                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1942371.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1942371.254902                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1942371.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1942371.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1942371.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1942371.254902                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69383776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69383776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69383776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69383776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     69383776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69383776                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1875237.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1875237.189189                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1875237.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1875237.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1875237.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1875237.189189                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                56210                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              172636019                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                56466                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              3057.344579                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   233.816144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    22.183856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.913344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.086656                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8569615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8569615                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      7247684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7247684                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        17778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17778                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        16682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16682                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15817299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       15817299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     15817299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      15817299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       191542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191542                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         5571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5571                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       197113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       197113                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       197113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       197113                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  81362385951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81362385951                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   3470167605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3470167605                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84832553556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  84832553556                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  84832553556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  84832553556                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8761157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8761157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      7253255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7253255                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        17778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17778                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        16682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16682                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16014412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16014412                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     16014412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16014412                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000768                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012308                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 424775.693848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 424775.693848                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 622898.511039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 622898.511039                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 430375.234287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430375.234287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 430375.234287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430375.234287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     42742762                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets            91                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 469700.681319                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total           19844                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       135494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         5409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5409                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       140903                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       140903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       140903                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        56048                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        56210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56210                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19486404230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19486404230                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     14542103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     14542103                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19500946333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19500946333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  19500946333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19500946333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006397                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 347673.498251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347673.498251                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 89766.067901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89766.067901                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 346930.196282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346930.196282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 346930.196282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 346930.196282                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              529.376742                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1016309447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  532                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1910356.103383                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.276500                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   489.100242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.064546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.783814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.848360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11851402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11851402                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11851402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11851402                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11851402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11851402                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97398515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     97398515                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97398515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     97398515                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     97398515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     97398515                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11851462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11851462                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11851462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11851462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11851462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11851462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1623308.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1623308.583333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1623308.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1623308.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1623308.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1623308.583333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72556757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     72556757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72556757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     72556757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     72556757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     72556757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1727541.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727541.833333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1727541.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727541.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1727541.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1727541.833333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                69777                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              180710704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                70033                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              2580.365028                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   234.122204                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    21.877796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.914540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.085460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      8212103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8212103                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      6803070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6803070                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        19593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19593                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        15873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15873                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15015173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       15015173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     15015173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      15015173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data       181702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       181702                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          943                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total       182645                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data       182645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total       182645                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79000702654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  79000702654                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    349353109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    349353109                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79350055763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  79350055763                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  79350055763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  79350055763                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      8393805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8393805                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      6804013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6804013                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        19593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19593                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        15873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15873                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15197818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15197818                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     15197818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15197818                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000139                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012018                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434781.690097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 434781.690097                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 370469.892895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 370469.892895                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434449.646927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 434449.646927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 434449.646927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 434449.646927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       469323                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             3                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       156441                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            8077                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       112052                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       112868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data       112868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       112868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69650                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          127                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69777                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        69777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31221699922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  31221699922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     29423017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     29423017                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31251122939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31251122939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data  31251122939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31251122939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008298                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004591                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 448265.612663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 448265.612663                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 231677.299213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 231677.299213                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447871.403743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447871.403743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 447871.403743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 447871.403743                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              518.112450                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1012173692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1950238.327553                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    36.112450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12165600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12165600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12165600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       12165600                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     12165600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      12165600                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93005922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     93005922                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93005922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     93005922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     93005922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     93005922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12165648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12165648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12165648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     12165648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     12165648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     12165648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1937623.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1937623.375000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1937623.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1937623.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1937623.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1937623.375000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71203092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     71203092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71203092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     71203092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     71203092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     71203092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1924407.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1924407.891892                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1924407.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1924407.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 1924407.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1924407.891892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                56138                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              172652710                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                56394                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3061.543959                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.818794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.181206                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.913355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.086645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8576731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8576731                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      7257299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7257299                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17717                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15834030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15834030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15834030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15834030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       191711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       191711                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         5657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         5657                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       197368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       197368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       197368                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  81525013122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  81525013122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   3516049868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   3516049868                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  85041062990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  85041062990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  85041062990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  85041062990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8768442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8768442                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      7262956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7262956                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17717                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16703                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16031398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16031398                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     16031398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16031398                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000779                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 425249.532484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 425249.532484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 621539.662012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 621539.662012                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 430875.638351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 430875.638351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 430875.638351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 430875.638351                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets     53028511                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets           102                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 519887.362745                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       135732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       135732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         5497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         5497                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       141229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       141229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       141229                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        55979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        55979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        56139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        56139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        56139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19237677781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19237677781                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     13322888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     13322888                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19251000669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251000669                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  19251000669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  19251000669                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003502                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343658.832437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343658.832437                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 83268.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 83268.050000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342916.700850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342916.700850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 342916.700850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342916.700850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              518.181022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011548130                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1949033.005780                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    43.181022                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.069200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12852295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      12852295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12852295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       12852295                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     12852295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      12852295                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           60                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           60                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           60                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109275315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    109275315                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109275315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    109275315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    109275315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    109275315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12852355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     12852355                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12852355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     12852355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     12852355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     12852355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821255.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1821255.250000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821255.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1821255.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1821255.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1821255.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       838226                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       419113                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94005990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94005990                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94005990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94005990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     94005990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94005990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2136499.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2136499.772727                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2136499.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2136499.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2136499.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2136499.772727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                43158                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              167225588                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                43414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              3851.881605                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.430700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.569300                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.911839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.088161                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      8846271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8846271                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7446674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7446674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        19086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16292945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16292945                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16292945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16292945                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data       138099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       138099                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          957                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data       139056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total       139056                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data       139056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total       139056                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  46235079127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  46235079127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     80713783                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     80713783                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  46315792910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  46315792910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  46315792910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  46315792910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      8984370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8984370                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7447631                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7447631                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        19086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17931                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16432001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16432001                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16432001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16432001                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015371                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008463                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 334796.625081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 334796.625081                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 84340.421108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84340.421108                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333072.955572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 333072.955572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 333072.955572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 333072.955572                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            9758                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        95103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          795                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        95898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        95898                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        42996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        42996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          162                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        43158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        43158                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        43158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        43158                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12396490512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  12396490512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     10451422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10451422                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12406941934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12406941934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data  12406941934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12406941934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004786                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 288317.297237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 288317.297237                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 64514.950617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64514.950617                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287477.221697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287477.221697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 287477.221697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 287477.221697                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
