
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.101490                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                101490089670                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               627677074434                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 227826                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   287677                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                1322123                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67607036                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 76762.95                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 17488619177                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   22082946082                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data      1352704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data      2410752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data      1726336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data      2424576                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data      1746432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data      2358528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data      3524096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data      3511424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data      3910144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data      1319424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data      1716096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data      2384896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data      3459840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data      1318272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data      2278144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data      1318656                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total             36838784                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         4224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         5376                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         4608                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         5120                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         4864                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         4992                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         4736                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         5248                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           78464                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks     12381440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total          12381440                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data        18942                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data        18426                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data        18632                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data        17798                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                287803                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks           96730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                96730                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst        49187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     13328434                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41620                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     23753570                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst        52971                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     17009897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     23889781                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50448                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     17207907                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     23238998                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     34723548                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     34598689                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     38527348                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     13000521                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst        51709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     16909001                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     23498807                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47926                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     34090422                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49187                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     12989170                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst        46665                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     22446960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51709                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     12992953                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               362979126                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst        49187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst        41620                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst        52971                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst        45403                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst        50448                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst        46665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst        51709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst        47926                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst        49187                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst        46665                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst        51709                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total             773120                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121996542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121996542                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121996542                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst        49187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     13328434                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst        41620                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     23753570                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst        52971                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     17009897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst        45403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     23889781                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst        50448                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     17207907                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst        46665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     23238998                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     34723548                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     34598689                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     38527348                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     13000521                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst        51709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     16909001                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     23498807                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst        47926                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     34090422                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst        49187                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     12989170                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst        46665                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     22446960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst        51709                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     12992953                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              484975668                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups       22058002                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18363409                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999958                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8481802                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8082467                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373859                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        92910                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191868176                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts            120992277                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches          22058002                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches     10456326                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles            25226620                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles       5568003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles      6519356                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines        11911153                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911009                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples    227164002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654626                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0      201937382     88.89%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1        1548054      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2        1951121      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3        3095603      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4        1307709      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5        1686222      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6        1950480      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7         893924      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8       12793507      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total    227164002                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.090631                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.497130                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles      190734886                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles      7762009                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles        25105897                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles        11904                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles      3549304                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved      3359552                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts    147902057                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         2626                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles      3549304                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles      190929854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles        620579                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles      6598751                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles        24922835                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles       542675                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts    146984322                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          154                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents        78061                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents       378720                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands    205261827                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups    683554375                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups    683554375                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps    171886503                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps       33375293                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts        35671                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18623                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts         1908459                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads     13762969                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores      7202227                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80620                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores      1632939                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded        143495151                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued       137723646                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127950                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17309700                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35187290                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1411                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227164002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606274                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327121                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168808625     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26608678     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10888718      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098194      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8267249      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2540362      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499105      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347054      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106017      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227164002                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938758     78.86%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead       128917     10.83%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122797     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116021159     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883201      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17047      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12622272      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179967      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total    137723646                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.565876                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190472                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008644                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503929715                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160841322                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134138290                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses    138914118                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101862                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2591035                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           35                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          672                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       102891                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           48                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549304                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles        472353                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59272                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143530960                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       114016                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13762969                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7202227                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18624                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51744                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          672                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181604                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1124653                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts      2306257                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135324384                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12417561                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2399261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs           19596838                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches       19140467                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores          7179277                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.556018                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent            134138764                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count           134138290                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers        80380653                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers       215904845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.551144                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.372297                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100000000                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps    123223305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20308249                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34391                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts      2017116                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223614698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371538                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171465245     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26429460     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9591933      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781843      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4373435      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836417      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1817931      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866433      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2452001      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223614698                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts    100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps    123223305                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs             18271267                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads            11171934                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars             17156                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches         17860911                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts       110941122                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls      2544540                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events      2452001                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads          364693549                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes         290612446                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled               2905276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles              16217509                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts         100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps           123223305                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total    100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.433815                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.433815                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.410878                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.410878                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads      608906282                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes     187428001                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads     136791596                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes        34362                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                 24                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups       18483121                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16494945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1469263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups     12258040                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits       12047533                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1109088                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44273                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles    195199701                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts            104965582                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches          18483121                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches     13156621                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles            23392299                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles       4827907                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles      2959714                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines        11807174                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1442288                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples    224902076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.765427                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0      201509777     89.60%     89.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1        3563646      1.58%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2        1797751      0.80%     91.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3        3521500      1.57%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4        1133544      0.50%     94.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5        3260478      1.45%     95.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6         515394      0.23%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7         838955      0.37%     96.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8        8761031      3.90%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total    224902076                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.075943                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.431280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles      192796183                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles      5407673                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles        23346533                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles        18622                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles      3333061                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved      1754182                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred        17301                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts    117429052                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts        32762                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles      3333061                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles      193063992                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles       3278617                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles      1309034                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles        23099540                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles       817828                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts    117261136                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents          166                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents        91089                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents       657029                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands    153677266                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups    531438893                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups    531438893                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps    124626137                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps       29051085                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts        15755                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts         7976                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts         1766768                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads     21122295                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores      3441125                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads        21880                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores       784322                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded        116651978                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        15810                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued       109232616                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        70976                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     21051723                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     43079788                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved          121                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224902076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.485690                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098255                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    176978611     78.69%     78.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     15149459      6.74%     85.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     15982717      7.11%     92.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      9310530      4.14%     96.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      4793052      2.13%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      1202144      0.53%     99.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1424013      0.63%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        33273      0.01%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8        28277      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224902076                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        183391     57.30%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        74897     23.40%     80.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        61779     19.30%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     85669831     78.43%     78.43% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult       856535      0.78%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.21% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         7780      0.01%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.22% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     19286559     17.66%     96.88% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      3411911      3.12%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total    109232616                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.448812                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt            320067                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002930                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    443758350                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    137719785                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    106468072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses    109552683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads        85325                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      4290267                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          285                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores        85062                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles      3333061                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles       2215549                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles       100729                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    116667874                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         5822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     21122295                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      3441125                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         7973                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents        39225                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents         2247                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          285                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       990578                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       567922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts      1558500                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts    107849441                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     19012841                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1383174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                  86                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs           22424592                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches       16394952                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores          3411751                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.443129                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent            106492370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count           106468072                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers        64410429                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers       140356930                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.437453                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.458905                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts     84791370                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps     95469966                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts     21202669                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        15689                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts      1460021                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221569015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.430881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.301663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    186019004     83.96%     83.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     13970467      6.31%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8972400      4.05%     94.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      2823515      1.27%     95.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4687074      2.12%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5       915053      0.41%     98.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       580146      0.26%     98.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       531131      0.24%     98.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      3070225      1.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221569015                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts     84791370                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps     95469966                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs             20188091                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads            16832028                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars              7828                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches         14647669                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts        83435034                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls      1194715                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events      3070225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads          335171113                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes         236680993                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled               4335242                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles              18479435                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts          84791370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps            95469966                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total     84791370                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.870357                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.870357                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.348389                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.348389                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads      501290122                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes     138725289                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads     124701038                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes        15674                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups       20069850                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16421137                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958530                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8215084                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7888926                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073324                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89174                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193237001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts            112260570                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches          20069850                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches      9962250                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles            23419869                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles       5354035                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles      4558025                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines        11820751                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960427                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples    224584902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956381                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0      201165033     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1        1087883      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2        1727439      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3        2347075      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4        2415843      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5        2044604      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6        1147644      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7        1705055      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8       10944326      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total    224584902                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.082463                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.461253                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles      191269886                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles      6541773                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles        23377996                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles        25608                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles      3369638                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved      3304269                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          369                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts    137742856                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1970                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles      3369638                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles      191791217                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles       1354101                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles      3983569                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles        22889040                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles      1197334                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts    137699330                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents          167                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents       163621                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents       522058                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands    192146924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups    640591575                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups    640591575                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps    166599630                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps       25547260                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts        34160                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17783                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts         3580482                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads     12877695                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores      6986718                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82495                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores      1715244                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded        137547943                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34279                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued       130623424                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17883                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15202083                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36401552                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1248                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224584902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581622                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272381                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169273577     75.37%     75.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22782559     10.14%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11517643      5.13%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8668039      3.86%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6821591      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2759758      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1736750      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904072      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120913      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224584902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24870     11.48%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.48% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79495     36.68%     48.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112362     51.84%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109861017     84.11%     84.11% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951364      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16375      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11829919      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6964749      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total    130623424                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.536702                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216727                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001659                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486066356                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152784837                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128670371                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses    130840151                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       268401                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2054612                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          115                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101355                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles      3369638                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles       1081294                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116977                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137582358                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         7843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12877695                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6986718                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17783                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98936                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139840                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101778                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts      2241618                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128825267                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11132364                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1798153                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs           18096840                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches       18304047                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores          6964476                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.529314                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent            128670631                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count           128670371                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers        73854863                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers       199021063                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.528678                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.371091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97116625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps    119501072                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18081303                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts      1983298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221215264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540203                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388446                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172162367     77.83%     77.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24330093     11.00%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9172905      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4375888      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3710200      1.68%     96.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115565      0.96%     97.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1835715      0.83%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835658      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2676873      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221215264                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts     97116625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps    119501072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs             17708443                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads            10823080                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches         17232148                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts       107669127                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls      2460792                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events      2676873                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads          356120090                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes         278534470                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled               2927190                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles              18796609                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts          97116625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps           119501072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total     97116625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.506075                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.506075                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.399030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.399030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads      579810267                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes     179229887                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads     127701376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes        33002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles              243381510                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups       19764204                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16207975                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1940090                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8274026                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7733888                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031710                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87428                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188913938                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts            112309096                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches          19764204                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches      9765598                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles            24718946                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles       5486100                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles      6269230                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines        11635735                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1924870                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples    223418006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614655                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0      198699060     88.94%     88.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1        2681211      1.20%     90.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2        3109207      1.39%     91.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3        1708166      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4        1956605      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5        1084741      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6         735937      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7        1909601      0.85%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8       11533478      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total    223418006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.081207                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.461453                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles      187382101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles      7829738                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles        24512993                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles       195378                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles      3497794                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved      3207225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred        18098                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts    137105244                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts        89694                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles      3497794                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles      187680861                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles       2756803                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles      4236525                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles        24421577                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles       824444                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts    137022287                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents          211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents       209943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents       384999                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents           16                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands    190467084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups    637982442                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups    637982442                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps    162890104                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps       27576980                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts        36246                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20338                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts         2204186                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads     13081227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores      7128462                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187034                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores      1575692                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded        136828632                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36338                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued       129422870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       178210                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16906101                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38940407                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4340                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223418006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579286                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268812                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168867999     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21956446      9.83%     85.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11792381      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8152407      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7123785      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3643077      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886426      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568520      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426965      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223418006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34750     12.43%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118882     42.53%     54.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125907     45.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108336756     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2022643      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15863      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11969368      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7078240      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total    129422870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.531770                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279539                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482721495                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153772272                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127276168                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses    129702409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327448                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2287800                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          810                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1204                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       144935                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles      3497794                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles       2282731                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles       141012                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136865089                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50949                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13081227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7128462                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20357                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents       100589                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1204                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129346                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1083791                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts      2213137                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127512035                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11241930                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1910835                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                 119                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs           18318517                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches       17849071                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores          7076587                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.523918                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent            127278240                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count           127276168                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers        75654780                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers       198091663                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.522949                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.381918                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95653845                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps    117355708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19510564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31998                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts      1951340                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219920212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533629                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352619                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171981380     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22229918     10.11%     88.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9314477      4.24%     92.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5600036      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3875094      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2506300      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1296881      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045442      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070684      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219920212                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts     95653845                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps    117355708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs             17776954                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads            10793427                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars             15964                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches         16795555                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts       105800945                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls      2387611                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events      2070684                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads          354715150                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes         277230414                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled               2894427                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles              19963504                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts          95653845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps           117355708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total     95653845                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.544399                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.544399                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.393020                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.393020                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads      575235233                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes     176662747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads     127970552                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes        31968                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups       20070655                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16422627                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1958600                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8243602                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7894204                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2074216                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89496                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193195844                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts            112265806                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches          20070655                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches      9968420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles            23431784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles       5354045                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles      4559789                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines        11819896                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1960722                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples    224557374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613851                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956426                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0      201125590     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1        1095383      0.49%     90.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2        1737870      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3        2349507      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4        2413957      1.07%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5        2042813      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6        1142349      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7        1698144      0.76%     95.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8       10951761      4.88%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total    224557374                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.082466                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.461275                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles      191229730                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles      6542694                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles        23389592                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles        25773                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles      3369584                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved      3303526                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts    137740502                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1988                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles      3369584                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles      191755770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles       1355915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles      3985234                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles        22896124                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles      1194744                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts    137691294                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents          173                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents       162716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents       521136                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands    192148860                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups    640570516                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups    640570516                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps    166583374                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps       25565486                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts        34068                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17692                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts         3578868                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads     12876469                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores      6985569                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82036                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores      1663720                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded        137520755                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34191                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued       130593823                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17891                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15202287                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36414312                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1164                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224557374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581561                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272510                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169294193     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22728323     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11504879      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8689199      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6821955      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2756878      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1738105      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       903431      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120411      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224557374                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         25039     11.55%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79492     36.68%     48.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112214     51.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109832230     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951743      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16373      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11829581      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6963896      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total    130593823                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536581                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216745                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    485979656                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152757764                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128637545                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses    130810568                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2054469                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          534                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       100910                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles      3369584                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles       1083842                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116946                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137555092                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53674                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12876469                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6985569                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17695                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98932                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           13                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          534                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1139707                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1101050                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts      2240757                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128793922                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11132131                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1799901                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                 146                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs           18095748                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches       18302072                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores          6963617                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.529185                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent            128637759                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count           128637545                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers        73846784                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers       198976316                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.528543                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.371134                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97107117                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps    119489350                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18065769                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33027                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts      1983360                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221187790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540217                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172175128     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24293051     10.98%     88.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9174631      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4376027      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3687717      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115432      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1849165      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       837174      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2679465      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221187790                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts     97107117                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps    119489350                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs             17706659                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads            10822000                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars             16476                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches         17230468                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts       107658539                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls      2460543                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events      2679465                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads          356062768                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes         278479879                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled               2926504                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles              18824137                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts          97107117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps           119489350                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total     97107117                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.506320                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.506320                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.398991                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.398991                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads      579673578                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes     179192676                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads     127704236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes        32998                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups       19784272                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16223619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1941141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8288251                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7742237                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033552                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87710                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189057466                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts            112409139                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches          19784272                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches      9775789                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles            24740537                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles       5490160                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles      6118970                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines        11644227                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1925928                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples    223435912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615144                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965764                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0      198695375     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1        2683685      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2        3112243      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3        1708715      0.76%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4        1957639      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5        1088293      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6         735045      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7        1910710      0.86%     94.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8       11544207      5.17%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total    223435912                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.081289                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.461864                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles      187521069                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles      7684498                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles        24534442                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles       195097                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles      3500804                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved      3211276                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred        18137                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts    137222876                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts        89590                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles      3500804                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles      187819136                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles       2802685                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles      4044011                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles        24443642                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles       825632                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts    137139606                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents          208                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents       212339                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents       384722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands    190628655                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups    638514572                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups    638514572                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps    163004026                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps       27624627                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts        36242                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20317                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts         2199998                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads     13089210                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores      7136240                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads       187551                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores      1578470                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded        136944229                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36327                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued       129526415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177437                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16933199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38989569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4309                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223435912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579703                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168840419     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21972258      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11804701      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8161012      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7130979      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3644694      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       886174      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       568111      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427564      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223435912                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         35067     12.55%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118577     42.42%     54.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125862     45.03%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108424805     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2023710      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15874      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11977430      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7084596      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total    129526415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.532195                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279506                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    482945685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153914980                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127376928                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses    129805921                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327446                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2288256                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          776                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1229                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       147883                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500804                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles       2326001                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles       143534                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136980678                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        47435                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13089210                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7136240                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20335                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents       101787                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1229                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1129245                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1085277                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts      2214522                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127611458                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11249341                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1914957                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs           18332273                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches       17864392                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores          7082932                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.524327                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent            127379085                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count           127376928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers        75708883                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers       198227228                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.523363                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.381930                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95720625                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps    117437777                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19544177                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32018                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts      1952306                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    219935108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533966                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352942                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171961658     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22246475     10.12%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9321138      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5602804      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3878702      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2508650      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1298203      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1046486      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2070992      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    219935108                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts     95720625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps    117437777                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs             17789311                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads            10800954                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars             15974                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches         16807372                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts       105874910                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls      2389301                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events      2070992                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads          354845420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes         277464782                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled               2896998                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles              19945599                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts          95720625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps           117437777                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total     95720625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.542624                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.542624                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.393295                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.393295                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads      575677126                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes     176799491                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads     128084082                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes        31988                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups       19726234                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16131124                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925064                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8366564                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7806021                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031620                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85700                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191539542                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts            111874925                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches          19726234                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches      9837641                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles            23461132                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles       5568791                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles      3357515                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines        11774910                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1940184                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples    221959613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615962                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966825                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0      198498481     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1        1273869      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2        2013200      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3        3191459      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4        1333848      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5        1499991      0.68%     93.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6        1575030      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7        1031276      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8       11542459      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total    221959613                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.081051                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.459669                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles      189795983                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles      5114923                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles        23388493                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles        59268                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles      3600944                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved      3235348                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          456                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts    136635940                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         2963                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles      3600944                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles      190075656                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles       1653778                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles      2644354                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles        23173272                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles       811607                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts    136557648                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents        25554                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents       235954                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents       301782                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents        39377                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands    189575350                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups    635259135                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups    635259135                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps    162063216                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps       27512128                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts        34800                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19128                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts         2443706                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads     13023737                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores      6996866                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores      1587686                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded        136368625                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34905                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued       129161422                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158666                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17164561                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38016486                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3299                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221959613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273487                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167488118     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21862789      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11965321      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8144269      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7618060      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2202492      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698240      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581548      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398776      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221959613                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30092     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93511     38.73%     51.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117818     48.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108199333     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039191      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15670      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11944104      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6963124      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total    129161422                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.530695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241421                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001869                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480682544                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153569493                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127095553                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses    129402843                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       393824                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2327357                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          309                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1428                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       197067                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8066                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles      3600944                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles       1104065                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117339                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136403663                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53982                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13023737                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6996866                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19116                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86993                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           33                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1428                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126514                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1096069                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts      2222583                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127333856                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11235385                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1827566                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                 133                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs           18196870                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches       17919714                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores          6961485                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.523186                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent            127096535                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count           127095553                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers        74311186                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers       194123485                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.522207                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.382804                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95195377                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps    116685348                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19718538                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31606                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts      1965975                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218358668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534375                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387908                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170984140     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22941243     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8935675      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4811801      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607015      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2011061      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239778      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1108321      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719634      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218358668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts     95195377                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps    116685348                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs             17496179                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads            10696380                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches         16749665                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts       105142267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls      2370461                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events      2719634                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads          352042283                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes         276408925                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled               3088083                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles              21421898                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts          95195377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps           116685348                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total     95195377                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.556653                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.556653                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.391136                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.391136                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads      574247579                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes     176176323                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads     127441310                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes        31578                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups       19726061                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16131454                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1924567                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8360097                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7805904                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2031050                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85903                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191520341                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts            111869432                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches          19726061                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches      9836954                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles            23460205                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles       5567062                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles      3357540                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines        11773489                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1939842                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples    221938384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.616006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966888                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0      198478179     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1        1273942      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2        2012365      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3        3191326      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4        1334112      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5        1499340      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6        1576328      0.71%     94.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7        1030790      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8       11542002      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total    221938384                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.081050                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.459646                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles      189780066                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles      5112090                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles        23386908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles        59501                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles      3599817                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved      3235040                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          458                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts    136630180                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         2975                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles      3599817                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles      190060363                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles       1648132                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles      2647127                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles        23170988                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles       811955                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts    136551494                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents        24043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents       235898                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents       302083                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38718                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands    189567101                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups    635228684                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups    635228684                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps    162071971                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps       27495113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts        34709                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19038                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts         2449473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads     13022267                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores      6995476                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212195                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores      1589409                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded        136361013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34812                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued       129152463                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158511                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17156625                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38015639                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3208                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    221938384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581929                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273513                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167469711     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21864507      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11962109      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8143699      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7617602      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201341      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1699083      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581626      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       398706      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    221938384                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         29982     12.46%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        92846     38.59%     51.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117748     48.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108193865     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2038598      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15670      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11941592      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6962738      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total    129152463                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.530658                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt            240576                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001863                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480642397                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153553856                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127088392                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses    129393039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       392226                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2325289                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          349                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1432                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       195328                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8059                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles      3599817                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles       1104208                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136395966                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        54067                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13022267                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6995476                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19025                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86428                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           30                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1432                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126623                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1094836                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts      2221459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127326147                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11233270                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1826316                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                 141                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs           18194414                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches       17918853                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores          6961144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.523155                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent            127089373                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count           127088392                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers        74305924                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers       194122639                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.522178                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.382778                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95200542                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps    116691682                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19704489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31604                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts      1965373                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218338567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534453                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.388081                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    170965954     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22939260     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8933687      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4812909      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607058      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2010876      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1238885      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1109105      0.51%     98.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2720833      1.25%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218338567                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts     95200542                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps    116691682                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs             17497121                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads            10696973                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars             15768                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches         16750575                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts       105147983                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls      2370592                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events      2720833                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads          352013268                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes         276392369                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled               3087371                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles              21443127                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts          95200542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps           116691682                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total     95200542                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.556514                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.556514                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.391158                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.391158                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads      574209284                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes     176166561                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads     127433763                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes        31574                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                 25                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups       18922466                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted     17073961                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect       993519                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      7477343                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits        6775149                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS        1047431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        44129                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles    200738860                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts            119035761                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches          18922466                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches      7822580                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles            23543833                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles       3110093                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles      4778522                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines        11522677                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes       998652                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples    231152839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.604145                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.931673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0      207609006     89.81%     89.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1         841448      0.36%     90.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2        1717072      0.74%     90.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3         723742      0.31%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4        3916577      1.69%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5        3483915      1.51%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6         680422      0.29%     94.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7        1410709      0.61%     95.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8       10769948      4.66%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total    231152839                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.077748                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.489091                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles      199615228                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles      5914464                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles        23457207                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles        74816                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles      2091119                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved      1661286                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          505                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts    139584581                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2761                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles      2091119                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles      199816702                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles       4251416                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles      1027807                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles        23343832                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles       621958                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts    139511766                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents          209                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents       265466                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents       224475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.FullRegisterEvents         5691                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands    163788000                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups    657136584                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups    657136584                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps    145417572                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps       18370412                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts        16203                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts         8180                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts         1565251                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads     32935042                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores     16662900                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads       152322                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores       806329                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded        139242589                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        16253                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued       133959415                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        69703                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     10629525                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     25346570                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           84                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    231152839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.376914                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    183560581     79.41%     79.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     14245935      6.16%     85.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11703449      5.06%     90.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      5053437      2.19%     92.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6403955      2.77%     95.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      6208434      2.69%     98.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      3525004      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       278095      0.12%     99.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       173949      0.08%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    231152839                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        339110     11.08%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead      2643648     86.41%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite        76643      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu     84026503     62.73%     62.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1169409      0.87%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc         8022      0.01%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     32129722     23.98%     87.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite     16625759     12.41%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total    133959415                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.550409                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt           3059401                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022838                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    502200772                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    149891803                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    132820400                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses    137018816                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       242473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      1259792                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          543                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         3444                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101013                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads        11869                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles      2091119                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles       3897833                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles       176086                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    139258913                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1389                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     32935042                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts     16662900                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts         8181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents       119888                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents          114                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         3444                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect       581302                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect       583063                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts      1164365                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts    133024843                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     32020929                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts       934571                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                  71                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs           48645221                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches       17429359                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores         16624292                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.546569                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent            132824623                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count           132820400                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers        71727961                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers       141281641                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.545729                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.507695                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts    107935338                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps    126841912                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts     12430717                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        16169                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts      1015465                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    229061720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.553746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.377442                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    183083988     79.93%     79.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     16762422      7.32%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      7872859      3.44%     90.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      7782084      3.40%     94.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      2117912      0.92%     95.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      9059159      3.95%     98.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       676566      0.30%     99.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       493159      0.22%     99.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      1213571      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    229061720                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts    107935338                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps    126841912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs             48237137                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads            31675250                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars              8072                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches         16750298                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts       112792827                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls      1228613                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events      1213571                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads          367120453                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes         280636622                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled               4404271                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles              12228672                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts         107935338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps           126841912                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total    107935338                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.254883                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.254883                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.443482                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.443482                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads      657681003                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes     154234998                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads     166254996                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes        16144                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups       22062531                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18368162                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2001333                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8469133                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084933                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2373849                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93059                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191909263                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts            120995185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches          22062531                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches     10458782                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles            25230580                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles       5572411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles      6508188                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines        11914629                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1912979                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples    227200933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654568                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029494                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0      201970353     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1        1548472      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2        1953472      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3        3095571      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4        1309901      0.58%     92.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5        1686668      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6        1948291      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7         891928      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8       12796277      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total    227200933                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.090650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.497142                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles      190779065                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles      7747167                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles        25110587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles        11756                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles      3552356                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved      3359334                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          546                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts    147917106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2632                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles      3552356                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles      190972538                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles        620383                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles      6586083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles        24929010                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles       540559                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts    147006486                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents        77416                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents       377291                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands    205291384                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups    683648207                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups    683648207                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps    171912274                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps       33379109                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts        35656                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18606                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts         1899872                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads     13772214                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores      7201909                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81224                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores      1635779                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded        143522013                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35788                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued       137737665                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       126924                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17322843                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35234006                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1392                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227200933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168833981     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26617879     11.72%     86.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10890735      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6098890      2.68%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8268316      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2538012      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499357      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347924      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105839      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227200933                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938760     78.82%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129429     10.87%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122844     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116037786     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883052      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17049      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12620125      9.16%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7179653      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total    137737665                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.565933                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191033                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008647                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    503994219                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160881295                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134154634                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses    138928698                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102187                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2598610                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          654                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101525                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           40                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles      3552356                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles        472478                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59248                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143557806                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       111959                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13772214                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7201909                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18607                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51774                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           59                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          654                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1182405                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1126328                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts      2308733                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135339004                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12416883                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2398660                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs           19595834                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches       19144493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores          7178951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.556078                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent            134155079                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count           134154634                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers        80390697                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers       215929166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.551211                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.372301                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100014918                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps    123241710                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20316680                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34396                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts      2018475                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223648577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551051                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371493                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171488932     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26435608     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9593913      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4781755      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4375622      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835706      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819195      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865945      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2451901      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223648577                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts    100014918                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps    123241710                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs             18273985                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads            11173604                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars             17158                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches         17863593                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts       110957663                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls      2544914                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events      2451901                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads          364754364                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes         290669159                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled               2908628                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles              16180578                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts         100014918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps           123241710                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total    100014918                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.433452                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.433452                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.410939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.410939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads      608965407                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes     187454257                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads     136794800                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes        34368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                 52                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups       20066362                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16418607                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1959122                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8213494                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7890770                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2073853                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        89240                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles    193246135                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts            112255987                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches          20066362                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches      9964623                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles            23422022                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles       5354083                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles      4567890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines        11822228                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1961258                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples    224605512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.613694                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.956202                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0      201183490     89.57%     89.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1        1088351      0.48%     90.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2        1729286      0.77%     90.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3        2350353      1.05%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4        2416532      1.08%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5        2042559      0.91%     93.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6        1146179      0.51%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7        1705043      0.76%     95.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8       10943719      4.87%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total    224605512                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.082448                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.461235                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles      191280034                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles      6550653                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles        23380237                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles        25495                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles      3369092                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved      3303355                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          374                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts    137735406                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1984                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles      3369092                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles      191800512                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles       1355165                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles      3993602                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles        22891902                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles      1195236                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts    137692120                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents       163168                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents       521088                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands    192147587                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups    640560035                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups    640560035                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps    166599513                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps       25548074                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts        34063                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts        17687                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts         3576145                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads     12876340                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores      6986552                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads        82522                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores      1662691                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded        137539866                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued       130618186                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued        17824                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     15194451                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     36396702                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1153                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    224605512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.272570                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    169338155     75.39%     75.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     22727441     10.12%     85.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11503277      5.12%     90.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8689774      3.87%     94.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      6827388      3.04%     97.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2757429      1.23%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1737082      0.77%     99.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       904048      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       120918      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    224605512                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         24783     11.43%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.43% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        79483     36.65%     48.08% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       112596     51.92%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    109853262     84.10%     84.10% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1951931      1.49%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        16375      0.01%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11831829      9.06%     94.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6964789      5.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total    130618186                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.536681                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt            216862                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001660                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    486076570                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    152769032                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    128663149                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses    130835048                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       267475                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2053269                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          145                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          535                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       101196                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles      3369092                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles       1083194                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles       116669                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137574186                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         8090                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     12876340                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6986552                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        17688                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98786                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          535                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1141008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1100125                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts      2241133                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts    128818179                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11132871                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1800007                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                 136                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs           18097401                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches       18303431                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores          6964530                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.529285                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent            128663366                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count           128663149                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers        73852557                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers       198998150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.528648                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.371122                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts     97116561                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps    119500988                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts     18073229                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        33031                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts      1983884                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    221236420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.540151                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.389025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172218726     77.84%     77.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     24294568     10.98%     88.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9179269      4.15%     92.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4374449      1.98%     94.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3687126      1.67%     96.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2115104      0.96%     97.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1850635      0.84%     98.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       835643      0.38%     98.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2680900      1.21%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    221236420                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts     97116561                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps    119500988                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs             17708427                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads            10823071                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars             16478                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches         17232140                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts       107669046                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls      2460789                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events      2680900                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads          356129061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes         278517583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled               2926571                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles              18775999                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts          97116561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps           119500988                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total     97116561                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.506076                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.506076                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.399030                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.399030                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads      579777590                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes     179223820                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads     127697204                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes        33002                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups       19783389                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16220144                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1938289                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8295408                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7738163                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2034193                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87564                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles    188989475                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts            112411815                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches          19783389                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches      9772356                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles            24736810                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles       5484233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles      6266961                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines        11639606                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1923164                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples    223508987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615019                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965642                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0      198772177     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1        2682947      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2        3100791      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3        1709018      0.76%     92.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4        1964927      0.88%     93.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5        1086098      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6         734497      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7        1914842      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8       11543690      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total    223508987                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.081286                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.461875                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles      187456020                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles      7829138                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles        24533284                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles       192959                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles      3497584                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved      3213690                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred        18159                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts    137241962                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts        90088                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles      3497584                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles      187752318                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles       2721790                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles      4275975                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles        24442002                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles       819316                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts    137158738                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents          196                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents       209518                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents       382758                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           30                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands    190635736                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups    638620852                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups    638620852                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps    163019414                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps       27616317                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts        36418                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20506                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts         2192935                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads     13100270                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores      7138177                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads       188456                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores      1578587                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded        136963468                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36503                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued       129547047                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       180846                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16947655                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     39017705                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4481                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223508987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579606                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269149                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168920204     75.58%     75.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21957010      9.82%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11808311      5.28%     90.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8156780      3.65%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7133475      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3653026      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       883875      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       569653      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       426653      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223508987                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34429     12.29%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.29% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead       119947     42.81%     55.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125812     44.90%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108434708     83.70%     83.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024525      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15876      0.01%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.28% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11983783      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7088155      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total    129547047                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.532280                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt            280188                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002163                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483064115                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153948858                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127398226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses    129827235                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       329294                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2298287                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          794                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1234                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       149139                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7937                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles      3497584                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles       2252931                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles       138940                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137000093                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        50145                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13100270                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7138177                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20508                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents        98823                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1234                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1125734                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1085963                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts      2211697                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127637496                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11254902                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1909551                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                 122                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs           18341465                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches       17867351                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores          7086563                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.524434                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent            127400249                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count           127398226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers        75718677                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers       198282740                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.523451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.381872                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95729715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps    117448870                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19552288                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32022                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts      1949551                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    220011403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533831                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352891                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172038574     78.20%     78.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22242221     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9322406      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5605741      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3877341      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2508250      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1297671      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1045618      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2073581      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    220011403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts     95729715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps    117448870                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs             17791018                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads            10801980                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars             15976                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches         16808939                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts       105884909                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls      2389514                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events      2073581                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads          354938330                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes         277499973                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled               2893861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles              19872524                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts          95729715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps           117448870                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total     95729715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.542382                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.542382                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.393332                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.393332                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads      575788637                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes     176820014                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads     128090826                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes        31992                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                 49                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups       19730850                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16134977                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1925715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8363538                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7805704                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2032446                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        85975                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191601665                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts            111905491                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches          19730850                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches      9838150                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles            23467362                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles       5569887                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles      3353827                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           26                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines        11778855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1941082                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples    222024757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615960                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.966850                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0      198557395     89.43%     89.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1        1275039      0.57%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2        2013437      0.91%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3        3191666      1.44%     92.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4        1333393      0.60%     92.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5        1498813      0.68%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6        1577235      0.71%     94.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7        1031766      0.46%     94.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8       11546013      5.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total    222024757                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.081070                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.459795                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles      189856942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles      5112463                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles        23394283                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles        59641                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles      3601426                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved      3236000                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          453                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts    136675434                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         2943                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles      3601426                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles      190137125                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles       1651333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles      2644114                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles        23178737                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles       812020                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts    136596237                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents        24119                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents       236232                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents       302043                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.FullRegisterEvents        38947                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands    189638539                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups    635440141                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups    635440141                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps    162127897                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps       27510612                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts        34900                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts        19219                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts         2450093                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads     13027310                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores      6998867                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads       212076                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores      1590505                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded        136407037                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        34992                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued       129196670                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       158965                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17158867                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38040792                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         3375                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    222024757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581902                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.273429                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    167533991     75.46%     75.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21873489      9.85%     85.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11967290      5.39%     90.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8151897      3.67%     94.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7616656      3.43%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2201999      0.99%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      1698824      0.77%     99.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       581541      0.26%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       399070      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    222024757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         30172     12.50%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead        93253     38.63%     51.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       117946     48.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108228117     83.77%     83.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2039680      1.58%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15676      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11947803      9.25%     94.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      6965394      5.39%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total    129196670                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530840                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt            241371                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001868                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    480818432                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153602294                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127127984                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses    129438041                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       390125                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2326687                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          348                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1423                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       196386                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         8080                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles      3601426                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles       1103935                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles       117283                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    136442160                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        53064                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13027310                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      6998867                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        19201                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents        86849                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           29                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1423                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1126703                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1096051                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts      2222754                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127365983                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11237112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1830686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                 131                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs           18200791                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches       17925079                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores          6963679                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.523318                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent            127128973                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count           127127984                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers        74336254                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers       194179840                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.522340                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.382822                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95233309                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps    116731823                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19710492                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        31617                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts      1966601                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    218423331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.534429                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.387968                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171031047     78.30%     78.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22950196     10.51%     88.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      8936574      4.09%     92.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4815036      2.20%     95.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3607828      1.65%     96.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2013286      0.92%     97.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1239132      0.57%     98.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1111019      0.51%     98.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2719213      1.24%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    218423331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts     95233309                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps    116731823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs             17503104                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads            10700623                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars             15774                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches         16756339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts       105184130                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls      2371398                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events      2719213                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads          352145796                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes         276486264                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled               3089464                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles              21356754                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts          95233309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps           116731823                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total     95233309                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.555634                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.555634                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.391292                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.391292                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads      574386291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes     176227381                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads     127475117                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes        31588                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups       22064718                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18365609                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      2000158                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8485337                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8083818                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375841                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93341                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191924269                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts            121023945                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches          22064718                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches     10459659                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles            25231777                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles       5568001                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles      6548983                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines        11914662                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1911502                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples    227254675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029510                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0      202022898     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1        1549505      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2        1948477      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3        3093186      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4        1309211      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5        1686960      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6        1952722      0.86%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7         897684      0.40%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8       12794032      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total    227254675                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.090659                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.497260                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles      190794166                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles      7788328                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles        25111251                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles        11826                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles      3549102                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved      3364018                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          544                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts    147946608                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles      3549102                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles      190987966                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles        620438                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles      6627180                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles        24929265                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles       540720                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts    147032324                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents          151                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents        77236                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents       377632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands    205321424                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups    683770965                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups    683770965                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps    171954254                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps       33367170                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts        35671                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18617                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts         1903959                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads     13766650                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores      7208292                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads        80530                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores      1638645                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded        143560357                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35802                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued       137791084                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       128477                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17309876                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35187912                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1398                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227254675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606329                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327131                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168868637     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26622427     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10896427      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6102185      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8267581      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2544853      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2499333      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347195      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       106037      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227254675                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938469     78.83%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129252     10.86%     89.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122839     10.32%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116073577     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1884047      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17053      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12630140      9.17%     94.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7186267      5.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total    137791084                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.566153                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1190560                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504155880                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160906684                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134200226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses    138981644                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       101888                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2590316                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           36                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          650                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       106173                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           71                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles      3549102                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles        472266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59883                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143596164                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113849                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13766650                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7208292                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18618                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents        52361                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          650                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181979                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125692                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts      2307671                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135388340                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12423433                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2402744                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs           19609081                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches       19151140                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores          7185648                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.556280                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent            134200660                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count           134200226                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers        80412752                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers       215994778                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.551399                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.372290                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100039369                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps    123271854                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20324863                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34404                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts      2017298                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223705573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551045                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171534206     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26440929     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596707      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784346      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4374269      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1836740      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1818663      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       865985      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453728      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223705573                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts    100039369                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps    123271854                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs             18278453                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads            11176334                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars             17162                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches         17867964                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts       110984802                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls      2545539                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events      2453728                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads          364847860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes         290742552                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled               2905074                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles              16126836                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts         100039369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps           123271854                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total    100039369                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.432857                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.432857                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.411039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.411039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads      609179773                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes     187509711                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads     136832397                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes        34376                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                 50                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups       19790539                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted     16231573                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1943025                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8323262                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits        7747654                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2033487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        87696                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles    189167382                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts            112446644                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches          19790539                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches      9781141                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles            24750718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles       5492166                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles      6152130                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines        11651496                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1927813                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples    223589152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614942                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.965378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0      198838434     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1        2683130      1.20%     90.13% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2        3111824      1.39%     91.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3        1711019      0.77%     92.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4        1965009      0.88%     93.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5        1085981      0.49%     93.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6         736711      0.33%     93.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7        1912046      0.86%     94.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8       11544998      5.16%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total    223589152                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081315                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.462018                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles      187638509                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles      7709999                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles        24546490                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles       193403                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles      3500749                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved      3209344                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred        18173                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts    137272170                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts        90279                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles      3500749                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles      187935368                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles       2750584                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles      4126323                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles        24455278                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles       820848                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts    137187761                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents          188                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents       210273                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents       383174                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands    190698925                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups    638756397                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups    638756397                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps    163091233                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps       27607692                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts        36299                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts        20396                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts         2196306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads     13097032                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores      7134957                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads       186525                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores      1576286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded        136990530                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        36374                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued       129573525                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       177233                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     16921436                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     38982183                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         4336                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    223589152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.579516                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268920                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168970801     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     21984859      9.83%     85.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     11808558      5.28%     90.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      8162805      3.65%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      7132929      3.19%     97.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      3647955      1.63%     99.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6       884485      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7       569346      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       427414      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    223589152                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         34479     12.35%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead       118749     42.54%     54.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       125903     45.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    108467496     83.71%     83.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      2024579      1.56%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        15883      0.01%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     11980113      9.25%     94.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7085454      5.47%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total    129573525                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.532389                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt            279131                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002154                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    483192566                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    153949558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    127428518                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses    129852656                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       327395                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2290303                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          784                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation         1222                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       142832                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         7942                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           14                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles      3500749                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles       2281218                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles       140683                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    137027031                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts        49832                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13097032                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7134957                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        20375                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents        99645                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            2                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents         1222                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1132295                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1084349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts      2216644                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts    127663448                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     11254020                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      1910077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                 127                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs           18337883                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches       17870191                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores          7083863                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.524540                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent            127430569                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count           127428518                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers        75749360                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers       198334661                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523575                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381927                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts     95771928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps    117500553                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts     19527816                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        32038                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts      1954283                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    220088403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.533879                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.352827                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    172088363     78.19%     78.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     22258316     10.11%     88.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9326874      4.24%     92.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      5607765      2.55%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3879227      1.76%     96.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      2509692      1.14%     97.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1299161      0.59%     98.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7      1047180      0.48%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2071825      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    220088403                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts     95771928                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps    117500553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs             17798854                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads            10806729                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars             15984                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches         16816274                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts       105931549                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls      2390560                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events      2071825                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads          355044297                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes         277557558                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled               2898216                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles              19792359                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts          95771928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps           117500553                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total     95771928                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.541261                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.541261                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.393505                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.393505                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads      575921505                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes     176876980                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads     128125432                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes        32008                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                 54                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles              243381511                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups       22067588                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted     18371207                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect      1999029                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups      8466926                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits        8084062                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS        2375162                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect        93017                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles    191924405                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts            121029826                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches          22067588                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches     10459224                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles            25235084                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles       5568210                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles      6562742                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines        11913933                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes      1910920                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples    227273237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.654561                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.029535                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0      202038153     88.90%     88.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1        1548429      0.68%     89.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2        1952700      0.86%     90.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3        3092786      1.36%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4        1310392      0.58%     92.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5        1686853      0.74%     93.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6        1950219      0.86%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7         894712      0.39%     94.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8       12798993      5.63%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total    227273237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.090671                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.497284                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles      190791764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles      7804153                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles        25114755                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles        12096                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles      3550467                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved      3361365                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          539                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts    147963848                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2241                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles      3550467                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles      190985955                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        622113                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles      6639226                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles        24932562                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles       542910                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts    147049673                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents          144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents        77875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents       378897                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands    205349641                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups    683853107                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups    683853107                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps    171974768                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps       33374873                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts        35547                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts        18491                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts         1910197                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads     13775751                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores      7206262                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads        81061                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores      1637249                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded        143571630                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded        35679                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued       137789518                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued       127998                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined     17317316                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined     35234027                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved         1272                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    227273237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.606273                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0    168886641     74.31%     74.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1     26623858     11.71%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2     10895169      4.79%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3      6102587      2.69%     93.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4      8269072      3.64%     97.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5      2543480      1.12%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6      2498827      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7      1347913      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8       105690      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total    227273237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu        938800     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead       129861     10.90%     89.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite       122882     10.31%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu    116075322     84.24%     84.24% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult      1883902      1.37%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc        17055      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead     12628460      9.17%     94.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite      7184779      5.21%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total    137789518                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.566146                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt           1191543                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008648                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads    504171814                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes    160925299                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses    134205924                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses    138981061                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads       102855                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads      2598085                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           38                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          676                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores       103309                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           11                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles      3550467                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        473254                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles        59285                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts    143607316                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts       113430                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts     13775751                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts      7206262                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts        18492                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents        51768                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           57                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents          676                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect      1181894                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect      1125462                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts      2307356                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts    135391768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts     12423297                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts      2397750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs           19607441                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches       19151790                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores          7184144                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.556294                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent            134206370                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count           134205924                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers        80421761                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers       216013211                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.551422                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372300                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts    100051264                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps    123286514                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts     20321416                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls        34407                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts      2016177                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    223722770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.551068                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.371558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0    171546566     76.68%     76.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     26443148     11.82%     88.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      9596385      4.29%     92.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784809      2.14%     94.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      4376347      1.96%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1835817      0.82%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6      1819529      0.81%     98.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       866830      0.39%     98.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      2453339      1.10%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    223722770                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts    100051264                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps    123286514                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs             18280619                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads            11177666                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars             17164                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches         17870082                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts       110998008                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls      2545841                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events      2453339                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads          364876659                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes         290766344                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled               2905823                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles              16108274                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts         100051264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps           123286514                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total    100051264                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.432568                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.432568                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.411088                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.411088                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads      609200809                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes     187520895                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads     136838616                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes        34378                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                         287963                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32760.676160                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                          2146671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                         320708                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                           6.693537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks           217.745376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst     3.639118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data  1050.222904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst     2.755910                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data  1726.547119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst     4.944443                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data  1319.499153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst     3.237070                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data  1808.055919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst     3.714667                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data  1322.402439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst     3.159800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data  1824.114588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst     3.423047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data  2198.957009                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst     4.440397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data  2218.473563                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst     3.032636                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data  2825.207012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst     3.066464                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data  1040.734083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst     4.200863                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data  1298.389092                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst     3.212622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data  1762.932348                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst     4.064743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data  2181.033122                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst     3.700622                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data  1036.793373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst     3.067401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data  1759.492248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst     3.926560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data  1030.690126                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data           293.221263                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data           387.740376                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data           329.956800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data           370.695606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data           319.367550                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data           410.105599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data           427.261211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data           424.716039                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data           413.494323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data           320.986763                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data           352.265906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data           415.189346                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data           473.378032                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data           328.377852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data           488.002233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data           327.041427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.006645                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.032050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.052690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.040268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.055177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.040357                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000096                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.055668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000104                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.067107                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000136                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.067702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000093                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.086218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.031761                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.039624                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.053800                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.066560                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000113                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.031640                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000094                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.053695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.031454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.008948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.011833                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.010069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.011313                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.009746                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.012515                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.013039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.012961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.012619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.009796                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.010750                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.012671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.014446                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.010021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.014893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.009981                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34508                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        25961                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35291                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41748                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        47362                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        24842                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34733                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42204                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        24856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        24861                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  524891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           177140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                177140                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2379                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26264                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34658                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26107                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41876                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data        47437                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42333                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25061                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35839                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   527270                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data        24804                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data        34229                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data        26264                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data        34658                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            3                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data        26107                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data        35441                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data        41876                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41857                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data        47437                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data        25047                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data        26350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data        34883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data        42333                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data        25061                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data        35839                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data        25060                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  527270                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18938                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18625                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17793                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                287783                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  20                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18942                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18632                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17798                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 287803                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18942                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18426                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18632                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17798                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                287803                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6072859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1733374045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4806194                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3056871081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6598480                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2195406095                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5473950                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3116947532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5979388                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2217328323                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5483675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3024414751                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4503370477                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5898090                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4487914088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5747222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4969125447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5638888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1691482325                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221711                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2184372166                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5812808                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3063244822                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5725562                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4420963217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5827952                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1690720009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5532241                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2924662057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6331597                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688071271                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     47061319450                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       662861                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       603317                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1032704                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       796633                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       3095515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6072859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1733374045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4806194                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3056871081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6598480                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2195406095                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5473950                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3117610393                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5979388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2217328323                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5483675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3025018068                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4503370477                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5898090                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4487914088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5747222                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4969125447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5638888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1691482325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221711                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2184372166                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5812808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3064277526                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5725562                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4420963217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5827952                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1690720009                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5532241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2925458690                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6331597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688071271                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      47064414965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      6072859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1733374045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      4806194                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   3056871081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      6598480                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   2195406095                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5473950                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   3117610393                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5979388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   2217328323                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5483675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   3025018068                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5901127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   4503370477                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5898090                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   4487914088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      5747222                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   4969125447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      5638888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1691482325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      6221711                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2184372166                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5812808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   3064277526                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      5725562                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   4420963217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      5827952                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1690720009                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      5532241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   2925458690                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      6331597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1688071271                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     47064414965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        52996                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39603                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53446                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39605                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69280                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69161                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53358                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69234                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35155                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53482                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35163                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              812674                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       177140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            177140                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          201                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          205                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              2399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35372                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53600                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77985                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39757                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69363                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               815073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        35372                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        53063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        39751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        53600                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        39751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        53867                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        69290                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        77985                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        35355                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        39757                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        53515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        69363                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        35360                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        53637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        35362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              815073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355385                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340555                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354339                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344502                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342971                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397402                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396654                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.392093                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293257                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.338475                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.390415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332691                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.354119                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.025974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025974                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.044586                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.032258                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.008337                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354937                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339287                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353396                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342065                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396669                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395916                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391716                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.389689                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291261                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331823                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291330                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.353101                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354937                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339287                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353396                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342065                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396669                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395916                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391716                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348164                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.389689                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291261                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331823                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291330                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.353101                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155714.333333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164021.011071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145642.242424                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162305.993469                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157106.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162779.424260                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152054.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164586.943289                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149484.700000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162513.069701                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148207.432432                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164174.071816                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155292.815789                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163568.592075                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155212.894737                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163595.453942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151242.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162666.146622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148391.789474                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164094.133198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151749.048780                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162927.736705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152968.631579                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164469.520644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150672.684211                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163557.647688                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149434.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164163.511894                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149520.027027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164371.497611                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154429.195122                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163858.597457                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163530.574947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 165715.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150829.250000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 147529.142857                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 159326.600000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154775.750000                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155714.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164021.011071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145642.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162305.993469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157106.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162779.424260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152054.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164587.181554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149484.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162513.069701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148207.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164171.174862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155292.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163568.592075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155212.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163595.453942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151242.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162666.146622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148391.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164094.133198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151749.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162927.736705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152968.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164463.156183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150672.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163557.647688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149434.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164163.511894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149520.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164370.080346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154429.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163858.597457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163529.966557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 155714.333333                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 164021.011071                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 145642.242424                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 162305.993469                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 157106.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 162779.424260                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 152054.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 164587.181554                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 149484.700000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 162513.069701                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 148207.432432                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 164171.174862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 155292.815789                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 163568.592075                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 155212.894737                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 163595.453942                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 151242.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 162666.146622                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 148391.789474                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 164094.133198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 151749.048780                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 162927.736705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 152968.631579                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 164463.156183                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 150672.684211                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 163557.647688                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149434.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 164163.511894                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 149520.027027                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 164370.080346                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 154429.195122                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 163858.597457                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163529.966557                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                96730                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     96730                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18938                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17793                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           287783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            7                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             20                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18942                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            287803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        10568                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           33                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        18834                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           42                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        13487                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           36                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        18942                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        13644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        18426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        27532                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        27433                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        30548                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        10308                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        13407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        18632                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        27030                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        10299                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        17798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        10302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           287803                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3806196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1118012349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2883111                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1959634644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4156400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410017322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3382359                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2013970102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3654823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1422742308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1951535633                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3692285                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2900142922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3686006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2890483278                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3532825                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3190960494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3427112                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1091262799                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3838157                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403652105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3600437                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1978492519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3512189                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2846960210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3565237                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1090979344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3375844                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1888439967                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088154119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  30302825765                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       429169                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       370418                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       626428                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       505868                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1931883                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3806196                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1118012349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2883111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1959634644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4156400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410017322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3382359                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2014399271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3654823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1422742308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1951906051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3692285                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2900142922                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3686006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2890483278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3532825                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3190960494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3427112                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1091262799                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3838157                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403652105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3600437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1979118947                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3512189                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2846960210                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3565237                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1090979344                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3375844                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1888945835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088154119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  30304757648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      3806196                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1118012349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2883111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1959634644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      4156400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1410017322                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      3382359                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   2014399271                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      3654823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   1422742308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      3327068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   1951906051                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      3692285                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2900142922                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3686006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   2890483278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3532825                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   3190960494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3427112                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   1091262799                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      3838157                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1403652105                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3600437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1979118947                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      3512189                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   2846960210                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3565237                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1090979344                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3375844                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   1888945835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3945601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1088154119                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  30304757648                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.300475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.355385                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.340555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.354339                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.344502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342971                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.397402                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.396654                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.392093                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.293257                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.338475                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.349057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.390415                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.332691                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.292978                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.354119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.025974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.025974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.044586                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.032258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339287                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353396                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342065                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396669                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395916                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391716                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337224                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.389689                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291261                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331823                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291330                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.353101                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.298767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.970588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.354937                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.954545                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.339287                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.972973                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.353396                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.930233                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.343237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.342065                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.396669                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.395916                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.391716                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.950000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.291557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.337224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.348164                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.974359                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.389689                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.951220                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291261                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.973684                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.331823                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.953488                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.291330                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.353101                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97594.769231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105792.235901                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        87367                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104047.713922                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98961.904762                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104546.401868                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93954.416667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106345.448411                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91370.575000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104276.041337                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89920.756757                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105935.057703                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97165.394737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105337.168459                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97000.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105365.190756                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92969.078947                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104457.263782                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90187.157895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105865.618840                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93613.585366                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104695.465429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94748.342105                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106227.786255                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92426.026316                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105325.941916                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91416.333333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105930.609185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91239.027027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106133.871017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96234.170732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105625.521161                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105297.483746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 107292.250000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92604.500000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 89489.714286                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 101173.600000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 96594.150000                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97594.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105792.235901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        87367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104047.713922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98961.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104546.401868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93954.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106345.648348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91370.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104276.041337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89920.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105932.163845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97165.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105337.168459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97000.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105365.190756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92969.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104457.263782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90187.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105865.618840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93613.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104695.465429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94748.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106221.497799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92426.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105325.941916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91416.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105930.609185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91239.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106132.477526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96234.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105625.521161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105296.878935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 97594.769231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 105792.235901                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst        87367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104047.713922                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 98961.904762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 104546.401868                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 93954.416667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 106345.648348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 91370.575000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 104276.041337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 89920.756757                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 105932.163845                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 97165.394737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 105337.168459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 97000.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105365.190756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 92969.078947                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 104457.263782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 90187.157895                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 105865.618840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 93613.585366                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 104695.465429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 94748.342105                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 106221.497799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 92426.026316                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 105325.941916                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91416.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105930.609185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 91239.027027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 106132.477526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 96234.170732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105625.521161                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105296.878935                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              495.295869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs             1011919200                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             2040159.677419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    40.295869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.064577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793743                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11911100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11911100                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11911100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total       11911100                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst     11911100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total      11911100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9346192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9346192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9346192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9346192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      9346192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9346192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11911153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11911153                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11911153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total     11911153                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst     11911153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total     11911153                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176343.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 176343.245283                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176343.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 176343.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 176343.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 176343.245283                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7468304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468304                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7468304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      7468304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7468304                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182153.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182153.756098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182153.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182153.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 182153.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 182153.756098                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                35372                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              163373660                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                35628                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs              4585.541147                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   233.479191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    22.520809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.912028                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.087972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      9509059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9509059                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data      7062681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7062681                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        18344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18344                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16571740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total       16571740                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data     16571740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total      16571740                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data        90609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90609                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1938                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total        92547                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data        92547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total        92547                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9773728183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9773728183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    133617116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    133617116                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9907345299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9907345299                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   9907345299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9907345299                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      9599668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9599668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7064619                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        18344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18344                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17181                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16664287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16664287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data     16664287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16664287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000274                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005554                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107867.079242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107867.079242                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 68945.880289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68945.880289                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107052.041655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107052.041655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 107052.041655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107052.041655                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       172467                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21558.375000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total            7787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        55438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55438                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1737                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data        57175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57175                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35171                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          201                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35372                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data        35372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35372                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3484571617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3484571617                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     15722446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15722446                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3500294063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3500294063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   3500294063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3500294063                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002123                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 99075.136249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99075.136249                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 78221.124378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78221.124378                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98956.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98956.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 98956.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98956.634146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              558.791550                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              928534577                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1655141.848485                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    32.773663                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   526.017887                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.052522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.842977                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.895499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11807132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11807132                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11807132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total       11807132                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst     11807132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total      11807132                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6613701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6613701                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6613701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6613701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      6613701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6613701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11807174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11807174                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11807174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total     11807174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst     11807174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total     11807174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157469.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157469.071429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157469.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157469.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 157469.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157469.071429                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           34                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5511839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511839                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5511839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511839                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      5511839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5511839                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.911765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162112.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 162112.911765                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                53063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              223397447                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                53319                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs              4189.828148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   202.570121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    53.429879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.791290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.208710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data     17363461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      17363461                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data      3339902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      3339902                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20703363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total       20703363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data     20703363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total      20703363                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data       184960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184960                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          317                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total       185277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data       185277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total       185277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21120846483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21120846483                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     27452356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     27452356                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21148298839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21148298839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data  21148298839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21148298839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     17548421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17548421                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data      3340219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      3340219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         7900                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         7837                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20888640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total     20888640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data     20888640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total     20888640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.010540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010540                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000095                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008870                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114191.427784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114191.427784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 86600.492114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86600.492114                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114144.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114144.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 114144.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114144.221026                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         6330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total            6330                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       131964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       131964                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          250                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       132214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       132214                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data       132214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       132214                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        52996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        52996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53063                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data        53063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53063                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5540671659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5540671659                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4484835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4484835                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5545156494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5545156494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   5545156494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5545156494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003020                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000020                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104548.865179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104548.865179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 66937.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66937.835821                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104501.375610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104501.375610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 104501.375610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104501.375610                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              518.004429                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs             1008733165                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1943609.181118                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    43.004429                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.068917                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11820694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11820694                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11820694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total       11820694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst     11820694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total      11820694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           57                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           57                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           57                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9369067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9369067                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9369067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9369067                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      9369067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9369067                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11820751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11820751                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11820751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total     11820751                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst     11820751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total     11820751                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164369.596491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.596491                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164369.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 164369.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.596491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           44                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7464833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7464833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7464833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7464833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      7464833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7464833                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169655.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169655.295455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169655.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169655.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 169655.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169655.295455                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                39751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              165649229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                40007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs              4140.506136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   233.548857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    22.451143                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.912300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.087700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      8136680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8136680                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data      6852790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        17660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17660                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14989470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total       14989470                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data     14989470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total      14989470                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data       127498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          867                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total       128365                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data       128365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total       128365                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15650604259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15650604259                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     75068801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     75068801                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15725673060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15725673060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data  15725673060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15725673060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      8264178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8264178                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data      6853657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        17660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17660                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15117835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15117835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data     15117835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15117835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.015428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015428                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008491                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.008491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008491                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122751.762843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122751.762843                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 86584.545559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86584.545559                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122507.483037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122507.483037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 122507.483037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122507.483037                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total            8367                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        87895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          719                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88614                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          148                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4079577125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4079577125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      9885417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9885417                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4089462542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4089462542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   4089462542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4089462542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 103011.820443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103011.820443                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 66793.358108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66793.358108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102876.972705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102876.972705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 102876.972705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102876.972705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              517.673386                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs             1009855436                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  519                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1945771.552987                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    35.673386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.057169                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.829605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11635691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11635691                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11635691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total       11635691                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst     11635691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total      11635691                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7258973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7258973                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7258973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7258973                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      7258973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7258973                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11635735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11635735                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11635735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total     11635735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst     11635735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total     11635735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164976.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164976.659091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164976.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164976.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 164976.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164976.659091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           37                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6308823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6308823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6308823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6308823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170508.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170508.729730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170508.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170508.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 170508.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170508.729730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                53600                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              171689113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                53856                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs              3187.929163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   233.602842                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    22.397158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.912511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.087489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      8203928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8203928                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data      6945585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6945585                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        17238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17238                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15149513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total       15149513                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data     15149513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total      15149513                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data       183909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183909                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3711                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total       187620                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data       187620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total       187620                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  23992820602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23992820602                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    462785150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    462785150                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24455605752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24455605752                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data  24455605752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24455605752                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      8387837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8387837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data      6949296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6949296                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        17238                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17238                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15984                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15337133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15337133                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data     15337133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15337133                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000534                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130460.285261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130460.285261                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 124706.319051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 124706.319051                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130346.475600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130346.475600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 130346.475600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130346.475600                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total           18102                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       130463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130463                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         3557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3557                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134020                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data       134020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134020                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data        53600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53600                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5630820746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5630820746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     10618825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10618825                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5641439571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5641439571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   5641439571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5641439571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006372                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003495                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105355.325862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105355.325862                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 68953.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68953.409091                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105250.738265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105250.738265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 105250.738265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105250.738265                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              516.870538                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs             1008732315                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1947359.681467                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    41.870538                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.067100                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11819844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11819844                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11819844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total       11819844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst     11819844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total      11819844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           52                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           52                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           52                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8619145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8619145                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8619145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8619145                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      8619145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8619145                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11819896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11819896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11819896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total     11819896                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst     11819896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total     11819896                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165752.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165752.788462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165752.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165752.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 165752.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165752.788462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062797                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      7062797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7062797                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164251.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164251.093023                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164251.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164251.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 164251.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164251.093023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                39751                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              165649865                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                40007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs              4140.522034                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   233.552818                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    22.447182                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.912316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.087684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      8138094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8138094                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data      6852101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852101                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        17573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17573                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14990195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total       14990195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data     14990195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total      14990195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data       127324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127324                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          856                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data       128180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total       128180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data       128180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total       128180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15671035616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15671035616                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     73667444                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73667444                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15744703060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15744703060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data  15744703060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15744703060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      8265418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8265418                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data      6852957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6852957                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        17573                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17573                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16499                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15118375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15118375                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data     15118375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15118375                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015404                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000125                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008478                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 123079.981904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 123079.981904                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 86060.098131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86060.098131                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122832.759089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122832.759089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 122832.759089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122832.759089                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total            8366                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        87719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87719                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          710                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        88429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88429                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data        88429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88429                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        39605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          146                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39751                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4094186677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4094186677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      9780918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9780918                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4103967595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4103967595                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data   4103967595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4103967595                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103375.499987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103375.499987                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 66992.589041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66992.589041                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103241.870519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103241.870519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103241.870519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103241.870519                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              518.156916                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs             1009863928                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1942046.015385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    36.156916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.057944                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11644183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11644183                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11644183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total       11644183                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst     11644183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total      11644183                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7277433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7277433                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7277433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7277433                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7277433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7277433                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11644227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11644227                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11644227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total     11644227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst     11644227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total     11644227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165396.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.204545                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165396.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 165396.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165396.204545                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6370787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370787                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6370787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370787                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      6370787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6370787                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167652.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167652.289474                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167652.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167652.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 167652.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167652.289474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                53867                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171699454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                54123                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs              3172.393511                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   233.606165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    22.393835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.912524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.087476                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      8209366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8209366                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data      6950399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6950399                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        17317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17317                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15159765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total       15159765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data     15159765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total      15159765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data       184049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       184049                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         3704                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3704                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total       187753                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data       187753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total       187753                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  23953638888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23953638888                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    468733402                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468733402                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24422372290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24422372290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data  24422372290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24422372290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      8393415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8393415                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data      6954103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6954103                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        17317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17317                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15994                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15347518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15347518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data     15347518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15347518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021928                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130148.161022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130148.161022                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 126547.894708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 126547.894708                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130077.134799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 130077.134799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 130077.134799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 130077.134799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total           19007                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       130336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130336                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3550                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       133886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data       133886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133886                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53713                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          154                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53867                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data        53867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53867                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5590294097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5590294097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     10755977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10755977                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5601050074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601050074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data   5601050074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5601050074                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003510                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 104077.115354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104077.115354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69844.006494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69844.006494                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103979.246552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103979.246552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 103979.246552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103979.246552                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              527.843968                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs             1014442543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1917660.761815                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    37.843968                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.060647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845904                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11774862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11774862                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11774862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total       11774862                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst     11774862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total      11774862                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7925217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7925217                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7925217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7925217                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      7925217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7925217                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11774910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11774910                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11774910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total     11774910                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst     11774910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total     11774910                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165108.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165108.687500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165108.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 165108.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 165108.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 165108.687500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6535245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535245                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6535245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      6535245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6535245                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167570.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167570.384615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167570.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167570.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 167570.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 167570.384615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                69408                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              180354833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                69664                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs              2588.924452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   234.109115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    21.890885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.914489                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.085511                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      8167563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data      6767126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6767126                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        18947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18947                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14934689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total       14934689                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data     14934689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total      14934689                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data       176607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176607                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          773                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total       177380                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data       177380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total       177380                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21519167085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21519167085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     66411852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66411852                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21585578937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21585578937                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data  21585578937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21585578937                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      8344170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8344170                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data      6767899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6767899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        18947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18947                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15789                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15112069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15112069                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data     15112069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15112069                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.021165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021165                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000114                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011738                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011738                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121847.758498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121847.758498                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85914.426908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85914.426908                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121691.165503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121691.165503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 121691.165503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121691.165503                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total            8788                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107327                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107972                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data       107972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107972                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69280                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data        69408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69408                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7583535405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7583535405                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      8630605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8630605                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7592166010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7592166010                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   7592166010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7592166010                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008303                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004593                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109462.116123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109462.116123                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 67426.601562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67426.601562                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109384.595580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109384.595580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 109384.595580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109384.595580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              527.374431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs             1014441121                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1917658.073724                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    37.374431                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.059895                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11773440                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total       11773440                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst     11773440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total      11773440                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8411239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8411239                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8411239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8411239                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      8411239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8411239                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11773489                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total     11773489                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst     11773489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total     11773489                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171657.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 171657.938776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171657.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 171657.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171657.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 171657.938776                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           10                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6625492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625492                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6625492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625492                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      6625492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6625492                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169884.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169884.410256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169884.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169884.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169884.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169884.410256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                69290                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              180354899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                69546                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs              2593.318077                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   234.128334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data    21.871666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.914564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.085436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      8167385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8167385                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data      6767469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6767469                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        18850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18850                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14934854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total       14934854                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data     14934854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total      14934854                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data       176233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176233                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          781                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total       177014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data       177014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total       177014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21520132708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21520132708                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     67421973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     67421973                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21587554681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21587554681                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data  21587554681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21587554681                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      8343618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8343618                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data      6768250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6768250                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        18850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18850                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15787                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15111868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15111868                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data     15111868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15111868                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.021122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021122                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011714                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 122111.821895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122111.821895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 86327.750320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86327.750320                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121953.939694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121953.939694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 121953.939694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121953.939694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total            8908                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       107072                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          652                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data       107724                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107724                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data        69290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69290                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7569659416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7569659416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      8676433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8676433                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7578335849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7578335849                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   7578335849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7578335849                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008289                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004585                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109449.826000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109449.826000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 67259.170543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67259.170543                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109371.277948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109371.277948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 109371.277948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109371.277948                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              579.084944                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs             1039237947                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  582                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1785632.211340                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    37.048801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst   542.036142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.059373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.868648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.928021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11522626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11522626                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11522626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total       11522626                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst     11522626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total      11522626                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7793173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7793173                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7793173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7793173                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      7793173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7793173                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11522677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11522677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11522677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total     11522677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst     11522677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total     11522677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152807.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 152807.313725                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152807.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 152807.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 152807.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 152807.313725                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6278521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278521                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6278521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278521                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      6278521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6278521                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160987.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160987.717949                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160987.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160987.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160987.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160987.717949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                77985                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              447514216                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                78241                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs              5719.689370                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   111.907599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   144.092401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.437139                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.562861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     30217608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total      30217608                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data     16545260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total     16545260                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46762868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total       46762868                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data     46762868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total      46762868                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       275587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          249                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total       275836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data       275836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total       275836                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32909864714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  32909864714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     22065090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     22065090                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32931929804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  32931929804                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data  32931929804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  32931929804                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     30493195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     30493195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     16545509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     16545509                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         8086                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         8072                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47038704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total     47038704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data     47038704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total     47038704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009038                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000015                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005864                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119417.333597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119417.333597                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 88614.819277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 88614.819277                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119389.527850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119389.527850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119389.527850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119389.527850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total           13846                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       197677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       197677                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          174                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       197851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       197851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data       197851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       197851                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        77910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        77910                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           75                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        77985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        77985                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data        77985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        77985                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8585339922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8585339922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5397211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5397211                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8590737133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8590737133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data   8590737133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8590737133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002555                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001658                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110195.609318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110195.609318                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 71962.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71962.813333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110158.839944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110158.839944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 110158.839944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110158.839944                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              494.392236                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs             1011922673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             2044288.228283                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    39.392236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.063129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.792295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11914573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11914573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total       11914573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst     11914573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total      11914573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           56                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           56                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           56                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9204686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9204686                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9204686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9204686                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      9204686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9204686                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11914629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914629                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11914629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914629                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst     11914629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914629                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164369.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.392857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164369.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 164369.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164369.392857                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           40                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6903410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6903410                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6903410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6903410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      6903410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6903410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172585.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172585.250000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 172585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 172585.250000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                35355                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              163373196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                35611                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs              4587.717166                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   233.476360                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    22.523640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.912017                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.087983                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      9507735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9507735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data      7063551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7063551                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        18331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18331                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        17184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16571286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total       16571286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data     16571286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total      16571286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data        90553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90553                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total        92663                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data        92663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total        92663                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9682978062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9682978062                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    143045680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143045680                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9826023742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9826023742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   9826023742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9826023742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      9598288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9598288                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data      7065661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7065661                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        18331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18331                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        17184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16663949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16663949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data     16663949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16663949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005561                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106931.609798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106931.609798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 67794.161137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67794.161137                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106040.423276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 106040.423276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 106040.423276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 106040.423276                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       212224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets            10                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21222.400000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total            7778                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        55403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55403                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1905                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data        57308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35150                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data        35355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35355                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3454810047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3454810047                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     16036463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16036463                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3470846510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3470846510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data   3470846510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3470846510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002122                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98287.625804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98287.625804                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 78226.648780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78226.648780                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98171.305614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98171.305614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 98171.305614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98171.305614                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              516.870770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs             1008734644                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  518                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1947364.177606                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    41.870770                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.067101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.828319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11822173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11822173                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11822173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total       11822173                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst     11822173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total      11822173                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           55                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           55                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           55                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9009290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      9009290                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9009290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      9009290                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      9009290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      9009290                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11822228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11822228                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11822228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total     11822228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst     11822228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total     11822228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163805.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163805.272727                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163805.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163805.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 163805.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163805.272727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7272238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7272238                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7272238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7272238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      7272238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7272238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169121.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169121.813953                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169121.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169121.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169121.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 169121.813953                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                39757                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              165650774                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                40013                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs              4139.923875                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   233.550959                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    22.449041                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.912308                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.087692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      8138322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8138322                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data      6852788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6852788                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        17565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17565                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14991110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total       14991110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data     14991110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total      14991110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data       127412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       127412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          862                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total       128274                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data       128274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total       128274                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15619122141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  15619122141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     74845947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     74845947                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15693968088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  15693968088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data  15693968088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  15693968088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      8265734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8265734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data      6853650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6853650                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        17565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17565                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16501                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15119384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15119384                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data     15119384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15119384                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.015414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000126                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122587.528184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122587.528184                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 86828.244780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86828.244780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122347.226157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122347.226157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122347.226157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122347.226157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total            8368                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        87802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        87802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          715                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        88517                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data        88517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        88517                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        39610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          147                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        39757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data        39757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        39757                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4072914056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4072914056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      9921324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      9921324                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4082835380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   4082835380                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   4082835380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   4082835380                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004792                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000021                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002630                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102825.399041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102825.399041                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        67492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67492                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102694.755137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102694.755137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 102694.755137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102694.755137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              519.810672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs             1009859303                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  521                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1938309.602687                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    37.810672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.060594                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.833030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11639558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11639558                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11639558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total       11639558                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst     11639558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total      11639558                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           48                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           48                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           48                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7904022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7904022                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7904022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7904022                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      7904022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7904022                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11639606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11639606                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11639606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total     11639606                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst     11639606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total     11639606                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164667.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164667.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 164667.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164667.125000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6775081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6775081                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6775081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6775081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      6775081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6775081                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173720.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173720.025641                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173720.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173720.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 173720.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 173720.025641                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                53515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              171703842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                53771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs              3193.242491                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   233.605730                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    22.394270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.912522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.087478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      8213031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8213031                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data      6951082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6951082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17355                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        15996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15996                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15164113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total       15164113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data     15164113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total      15164113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data       183802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183802                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3700                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total       187502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data       187502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total       187502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  23855259293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23855259293                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    472079157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    472079157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24327338450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24327338450                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data  24327338450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24327338450                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      8396833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8396833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data      6954782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6954782                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        17355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17355                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        15996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15996                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15351615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15351615                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data     15351615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15351615                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.021889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021889                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012214                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129787.811302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129787.811302                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 127588.961351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 127588.961351                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129744.421126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 129744.421126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 129744.421126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 129744.421126                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        18141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total           18141                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       130444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         3543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3543                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       133987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data       133987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       133987                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53358                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          157                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data        53515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5592464465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5592464465                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     11107596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     11107596                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5603572061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5603572061                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   5603572061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5603572061                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000023                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003486                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104810.233986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104810.233986                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 70749.019108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70749.019108                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104710.306662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104710.306662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 104710.306662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104710.306662                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              527.721567                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs             1014446485                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  529                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1917668.213611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    37.721567                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.060451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.845708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11778804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11778804                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11778804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total       11778804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst     11778804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total      11778804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           51                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           51                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7976694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7976694                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7976694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7976694                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      7976694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7976694                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11778855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11778855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11778855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total     11778855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst     11778855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total     11778855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156405.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 156405.764706                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156405.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 156405.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156405.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 156405.764706                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           39                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6369136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369136                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6369136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6369136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6369136                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163311.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163311.179487                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163311.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163311.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 163311.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 163311.179487                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                69363                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              180362422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                69619                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs              2590.706876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   234.116024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    21.883976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.914516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.085484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      8172413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8172413                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data      6769790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6769790                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        19017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19017                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        15794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        15794                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14942203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total       14942203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data     14942203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total      14942203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data       176083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       176083                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          780                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data       176863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total       176863                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data       176863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total       176863                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21303769939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  21303769939                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     66910169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     66910169                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21370680108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  21370680108                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data  21370680108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  21370680108                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      8348496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8348496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data      6770570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6770570                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        19017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        19017                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        15794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        15794                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15119066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15119066                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data     15119066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15119066                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.021092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000115                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011698                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120987.090968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120987.090968                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85782.267949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85782.267949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120831.830897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120831.830897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 120831.830897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120831.830897                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         8887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total            8887                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       106849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       106849                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          651                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       107500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data       107500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       107500                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        69234                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          129                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        69363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data        69363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        69363                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7532363261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7532363261                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      8642060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8642060                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7541005321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7541005321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   7541005321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7541005321                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000019                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004588                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108795.725525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108795.725525                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 66992.713178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66992.713178                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108717.981071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108717.981071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 108717.981071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108717.981071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.127319                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs             1011922709                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             2040166.752016                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    40.127319                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.064307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.793473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11914609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11914609                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11914609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total       11914609                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst     11914609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total      11914609                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           53                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           53                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           53                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8658759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      8658759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8658759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      8658759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      8658759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      8658759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11914662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11914662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11914662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total     11914662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst     11914662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total     11914662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163372.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 163372.811321                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163372.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 163372.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 163372.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 163372.811321                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           41                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7022591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7022591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7022591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      7022591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      7022591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      7022591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171282.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171282.707317                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171282.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171282.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 171282.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171282.707317                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                35360                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              163381058                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                35616                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs              4587.293857                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   233.478662                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    22.521338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.912026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.087974                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      9513849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9513849                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data      7065281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7065281                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        18345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18345                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        17188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17188                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16579130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total       16579130                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data     16579130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total      16579130                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data        90574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90574                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         2111                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total        92685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data        92685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total        92685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9673567963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9673567963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    143277940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    143277940                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9816845903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9816845903                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   9816845903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9816845903                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      9604423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9604423                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data      7067392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7067392                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        18345                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18345                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        17188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17188                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16671815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16671815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data     16671815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16671815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 106802.923168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106802.923168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 67872.070109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 67872.070109                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105916.231354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105916.231354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 105916.231354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105916.231354                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       252173                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets            12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 21014.416667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total            7723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        55419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1906                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data        57325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57325                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35360                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3455889611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3455889611                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     15923122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15923122                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3471812733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3471812733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   3471812733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3471812733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003660                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000029                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98304.355312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98304.355312                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 77673.765854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77673.765854                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98184.749236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.749236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 98184.749236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98184.749236                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              517.936778                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs             1009871195                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  520                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1942059.990385                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    35.936778                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.057591                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.830027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11651450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11651450                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11651450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total       11651450                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst     11651450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total      11651450                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7436655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7436655                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7436655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7436655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      7436655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7436655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11651496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11651496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11651496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total     11651496                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst     11651496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total     11651496                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161666.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.413043                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161666.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 161666.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 161666.413043                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           38                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6269996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      6269996                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6269996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      6269996                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      6269996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      6269996                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000003                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164999.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164999.894737                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164999.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164999.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 164999.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 164999.894737                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                53637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171706637                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                53893                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs              3186.065667                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   233.596309                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    22.403691                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.912486                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.087514                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      8212856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       8212856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data      6954121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      6954121                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        16004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        16004                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15166977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total       15166977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data     15166977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total      15166977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data       183990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       183990                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         3731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         3731                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total       187721                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data       187721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total       187721                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  23737376343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23737376343                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    468451352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    468451352                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24205827695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  24205827695                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data  24205827695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  24205827695                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      8396846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      8396846                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data      6957852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6957852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        17278                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        16004                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        16004                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15354698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total     15354698                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data     15354698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total     15354698                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021912                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000536                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012226                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 129014.491782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 129014.491782                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 125556.513535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 125556.513535                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128945.763633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 128945.763633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 128945.763633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 128945.763633                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       162768                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets        81384                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        19010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total           19010                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       130508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       130508                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         3576                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       134084                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data       134084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       134084                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        53482                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          155                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        53637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data        53637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        53637                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5507233822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5507233822                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     10970694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     10970694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5518204516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518204516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data   5518204516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   5518204516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003493                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102973.595266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102973.595266                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 70778.670968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70778.670968                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102880.558495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102880.558495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 102880.558495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102880.558495                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              497.290594                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs             1011921979                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  498                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             2031971.845382                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    42.290594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.067773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.796940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11913879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total      11913879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11913879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total       11913879                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst     11913879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total      11913879                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           54                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           54                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           54                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10142650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     10142650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10142650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     10142650                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     10142650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     10142650                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11913933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11913933                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11913933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total     11913933                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst     11913933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total     11913933                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000005                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187826.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 187826.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187826.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 187826.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187826.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 187826.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           43                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8072431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8072431                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8072431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      8072431                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      8072431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      8072431                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187730.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187730.953488                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187730.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187730.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 187730.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 187730.953488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                35362                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              163380437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                35618                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs              4587.018839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   233.486181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    22.513819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.912055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.087945                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      9512375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       9512375                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data      7066267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total      7066267                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        18211                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        18211                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16578642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total       16578642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data     16578642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total      16578642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data        90823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        90823                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         1956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1956                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total        92779                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data        92779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total        92779                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9666722142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   9666722142                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    130614479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    130614479                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9797336621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   9797336621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   9797336621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   9797336621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      9603198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total      9603198                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data      7068223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7068223                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        18211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        18211                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        17189                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16671421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total     16671421                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data     16671421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total     16671421                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009458                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000277                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 106434.737258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106434.737258                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 66776.318507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 66776.318507                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105598.644316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105598.644316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 105598.644316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105598.644316                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       100118                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets 20023.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         7732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total            7732                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        55660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total        55660                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         1757                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        57417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data        57417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        57417                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        35163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total          199                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        35362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data        35362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        35362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3453161868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3453161868                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     15065040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15065040                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3468226908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   3468226908                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   3468226908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   3468226908                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003662                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000028                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002121                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98204.415664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98204.415664                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 75703.718593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75703.718593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98077.792772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98077.792772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98077.792772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98077.792772                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
