
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001101                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1101109767                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               398684832912                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 405978                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   525305                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  37867                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67609184                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 29078.08                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 11805056016                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   15274854397                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        73600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        48896                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        22016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        28672                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        19968                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        13952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        12928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        20608                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        21248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        48768                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        27264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        18944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19840                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        20992                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               471040                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         1664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         1920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3712                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3072                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         2688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           40960                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       187648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            187648                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  3680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1466                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511203                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     66841656                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1743695                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     44406109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     19994374                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3371144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     18018185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3022405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data     26039184                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3371144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     18134432                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3022405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     12670853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2789913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     11740882                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data     18715664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     19296895                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     44289862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3022405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     24760474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3138652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     17204461                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     18018185                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1627449                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     19064403                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2441174                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     11392143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               427786597                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      1511203                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      1743695                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      3371144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      3022405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      3371144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      3022405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2789913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      3022405                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      3138652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      1627449                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2441174                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           37198835                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         170417161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              170417161                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         170417161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      1511203                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     66841656                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      1743695                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     44406109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     19994374                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      3371144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     18018185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      3022405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data     26039184                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      3371144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     18134432                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      3022405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     12670853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2789913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     11740882                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data     18715664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     19296895                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     44289862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      3022405                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     24760474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      3138652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     17204461                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     18018185                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      1627449                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     19064403                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2441174                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     11392143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              598203757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         206127                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       168199                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        21751                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83650                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits          78791                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          20595                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          945                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2002983                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1219137                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            206127                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches        99386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              250277                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         67792                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        65489                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          124924                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        21812                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2364008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.626824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.992619                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2113731     89.41%     89.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          13158      0.56%     89.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21034      0.89%     90.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          31845      1.35%     92.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13157      0.56%     92.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          15424      0.65%     93.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6          16230      0.69%     94.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          11503      0.49%     94.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         127926      5.41%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2364008                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.078062                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.461698                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        1977803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles        91361                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          248538                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles         1375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        44930                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        33366                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          330                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1477789                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1098                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        44930                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        1982770                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         41317                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        34704                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          245080                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        15195                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1474975                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents          943                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         2643                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         7808                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1036                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      2018682                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6874962                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6874962                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1668978                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         349684                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          324                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          171                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           44582                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       149027                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        82716                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads         4148                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores        15936                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1470333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          323                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1374432                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2136                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       511092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           19                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2364008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.581399                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.266742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1778907     75.25%     75.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       237188     10.03%     85.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131038      5.54%     90.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        86175      3.65%     94.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        78661      3.33%     97.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        24315      1.03%     98.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17639      0.75%     99.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6090      0.26%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3995      0.17%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2364008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           396     11.77%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1389     41.28%     53.05% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1580     46.95%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1131574     82.33%     82.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        25288      1.84%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          153      0.01%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.18% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136202      9.91%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81215      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1374432                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.520509                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3365                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002448                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5118372                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1693500                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1349152                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1377797                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6339                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30924                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            7                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           70                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads         1109                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        44930                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         30319                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1658                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1470656                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           52                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       149027                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82716                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          171                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          881                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           42                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           70                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12024                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13250                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        25274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1354253                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       128760                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20178                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             209813                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         183671                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            81053                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.512867                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1349247                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1349152                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          798145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         2024672                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.510936                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.394210                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000002                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1219330                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       252457                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          304                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        22156                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2319078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.525782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.376735                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1825217     78.70%     78.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       235080     10.14%     88.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        97628      4.21%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        49895      2.15%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        37395      1.61%     96.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        21348      0.92%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        13009      0.56%     98.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11113      0.48%     98.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        28393      1.22%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2319078                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1219330                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               195405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              118100                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars               152                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           169339                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts         1102366                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        23772                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        28393                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            3762472                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2988526                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 35501                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                276544                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1219330                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     2.640547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               2.640547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.378709                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.378709                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        6146481                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1844032                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1400695                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          304                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         205889                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       185373                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12570                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        78897                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71651                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11192                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          584                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2161503                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1291581                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            205889                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        82843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              254784                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         39929                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles        53410                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          125787                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12425                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2496774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939740                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2241990     89.80%     89.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9141      0.37%     90.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          18773      0.75%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7574      0.30%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          41481      1.66%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          37440      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           6947      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          15071      0.60%     95.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         118357      4.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2496774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.077972                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.489133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2148898                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles        66438                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          253696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          870                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18225                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          208                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1513396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2151652                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         46235                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        12853                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          251938                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles         7224                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1511570                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2763                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         2788                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           38                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1782602                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7113298                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7113298                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1544618                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         237979                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          181                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts           95                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           20078                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       353514                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       177581                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1538                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8498                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1506654                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          181                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1437205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1092                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       137644                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       334939                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2496774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575625                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.372294                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985442     79.52%     79.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153401      6.14%     85.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125867      5.04%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        54411      2.18%     92.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68814      2.76%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66311      2.66%     98.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37502      1.50%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3194      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1832      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2496774                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3619     11.14%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28028     86.26%     97.39% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          847      2.61%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       905116     62.98%     62.98% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12532      0.87%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           86      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       342543     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176928     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1437205                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.544282                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32494                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022609                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5404770                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1644527                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1422974                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1469699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2558                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17333                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1729                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          128                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        26869                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         42266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1982                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1506835                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           35                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353514                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177581                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           95                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1372                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            4                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6536                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7911                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14447                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1425871                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       341315                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11334                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             518197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         186533                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           176882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.539990                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1423101                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1422974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          770359                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1520766                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.538893                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506560                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1146252                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1347092                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       159923                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        12610                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2469905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.545402                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.367477                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980623     80.19%     80.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       179081      7.25%     87.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83676      3.39%     90.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82781      3.35%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22387      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96019      3.89%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7381      0.30%     99.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5269      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12688      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2469905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1146252                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1347092                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               512030                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              336178                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           177825                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1197986                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        13066                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        12688                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            3964232                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3040914                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 48752                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                143778                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1146252                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1347092                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1146252                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.303640                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.303640                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.434096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.434096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7041344                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1657549                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1793992                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         215060                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176213                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22816                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87033                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81939                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21648                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2056236                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1228372                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            215060                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       103587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              268887                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         65775                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        61524                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          128238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22574                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2429253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619077                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.974901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2160366     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          28727      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          33298      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          18233      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          20627      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          11872      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           8024      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          20988      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         127118      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2429253                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.081445                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.465195                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2039161                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles        79182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          266407                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles         2253                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        42246                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        34894                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          360                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1499295                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1999                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        42246                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2042923                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         16690                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        52872                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          264946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         9572                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1497383                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         2039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2083109                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6970209                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6970209                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1744520                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         338571                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          211                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           27689                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       143397                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        76826                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1796                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        16320                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1493644                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          380                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1400870                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1945                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206853                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484574                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           40                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2429253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268851                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1840640     75.77%     75.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       235867      9.71%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127354      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87829      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77321      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39522      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9785      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6276      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4659      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2429253                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.27%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1448     45.82%     57.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     42.91%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1173707     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21864      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128925      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76204      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1400870                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.530522                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3160                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002256                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5236097                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700908                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1375679                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404030                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3456                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27958                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2142                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        42246                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         12392                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494029                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143397                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76826                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          804                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12394                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13385                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        25779                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1378584                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120763                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22285                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             196934                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         191990                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            76171                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.522082                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1375758                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1375679                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          818482                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2146845                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.520982                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.381249                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1024087                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1256475                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237561                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        22788                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526381                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1873891     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238167      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99752      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59535      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41246      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26837      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14248      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11106      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22225      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387007                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1024087                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1256475                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               190123                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              115439                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           179792                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1132823                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        25581                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        22225                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            3858818                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3030326                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 33400                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                211299                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1024087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1256475                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1024087                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.578445                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.578445                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387831                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387831                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        6216708                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1912172                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1396541                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         217306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177801                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22974                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89424                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83658                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21920                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1050                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2083284                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1215393                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            217306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       105578                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              252569                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         63461                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles        49873                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          129088                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22852                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2425950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615355                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.961858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2173381     89.59%     89.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          11788      0.49%     90.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18445      0.76%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          24633      1.02%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          25981      1.07%     92.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          21805      0.90%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          11831      0.49%     94.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          18379      0.76%     95.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         119707      4.93%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2425950                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.082296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.460280                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2061814                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles        71834                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          251899                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          412                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        39986                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        35561                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          214                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1489437                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1281                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        39986                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2068045                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles         16074                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        42204                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          246092                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        13544                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1487814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         1826                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         5935                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2076907                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      6917311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      6917311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1769898                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         307004                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           42488                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       140170                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        74559                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads          911                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        30477                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1484657                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399927                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          321                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       182050                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       441744                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2425950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262935                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1824248     75.20%     75.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254914     10.51%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127206      5.24%     90.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89186      3.68%     94.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71099      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29347      1.21%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        19049      0.79%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9590      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1311      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2425950                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           330     13.14%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     13.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead          907     36.11%     49.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1275     50.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178010     84.15%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20779      1.48%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126726      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74238      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399927                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.530165                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2512                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001794                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5228637                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1667084                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377007                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1402439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2947                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25132                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           17                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1417                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        39986                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles         12864                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1356                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1485023                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          495                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140170                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74559                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1143                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           17                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12592                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13395                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        25987                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379239                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119272                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        20688                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             193485                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         195664                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            74213                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.522330                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1377078                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1377007                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          792015                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2133961                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521485                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.371148                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1031672                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1269437                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       215582                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        23035                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2385964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.532044                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365936                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856870     77.82%     77.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266496     11.17%     88.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96623      4.05%     93.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        46028      1.93%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44373      1.86%     96.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22880      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16477      0.69%     98.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8879      0.37%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27338      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2385964                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1031672                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1269437                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               188177                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              115035                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           183097                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1143692                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        26125                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        27338                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            3843632                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3010037                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 33522                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                214602                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1031672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1269437                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1031672                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.559488                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.559488                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.390703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.390703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        6205275                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1919856                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1380100                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         203438                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179556                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18344                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130090                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124135                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12899                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          604                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103501                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1155189                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            203438                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       137034                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              255107                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         59916                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles        32233                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          129184                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17807                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537391                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798551                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2177189     89.51%     89.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          36870      1.52%     91.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          20513      0.84%     91.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          36185      1.49%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          12603      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          33290      1.37%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6           5666      0.23%     95.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          10054      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8          99926      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2432296                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.077044                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.437480                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2086512                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles        50037                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          254398                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          306                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        41040                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        20622                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          415                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1302146                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1698                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        41040                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2088823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles         28151                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles        15274                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          252139                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         6866                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1299100                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents         1104                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4994                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      1714084                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      5904651                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      5904651                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      1353221                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         360856                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           18324                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       225409                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        40166                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads          360                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores         8927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290029                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1194735                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1191                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       256253                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       546794                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491196                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113653                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912318     78.62%     78.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167872      6.90%     85.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166560      6.85%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98561      4.05%     96.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        55156      2.27%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14632      0.60%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16436      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          428      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          333      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432296                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2237     57.97%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     23.37%     81.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          720     18.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942176     78.86%     78.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9903      0.83%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203024     16.99%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39544      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1194735                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.452457                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3859                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003230                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4826816                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1546492                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1161256                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1198594                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1022                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        51013                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           23                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1663                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        41040                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles         21295                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          868                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290223                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          192                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225409                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40166                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          475                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           26                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           23                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10900                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8487                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        19387                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177038                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199412                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17697                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             238932                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         177362                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            39520                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.445755                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1161875                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1161256                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          700347                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         1567090                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.439778                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.446909                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts       908641                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1030902                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       259378                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        18031                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431113                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.293496                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2003007     83.76%     83.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155248      6.49%     90.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96532      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31471      1.32%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50059      2.09%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10592      0.44%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6838      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6119      0.26%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31390      1.31%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391256                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts       908641                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1030902                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               212896                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              174393                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           157395                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts          903435                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        31390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            3650133                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           2621639                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 48493                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                208256                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts            908641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1030902                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total       908641                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.906045                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.906045                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.344110                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.344110                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        5453256                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       1523662                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1363647                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         216782                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177377                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23200                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        89050                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          83439                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21856                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1055                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082597                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1212344                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            216782                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       105295                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              251883                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         64152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        50173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          129211                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        23073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2425346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.614052                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.960040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2173463     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          11742      0.48%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          18303      0.75%     90.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          24509      1.01%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          25966      1.07%     92.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          21778      0.90%     93.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          11754      0.48%     94.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          18512      0.76%     95.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         119319      4.92%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2425346                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.082097                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.459125                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2061504                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles        71752                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          251217                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          411                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        40457                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        35479                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          212                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1485918                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1265                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        40457                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2067654                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         15683                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        42644                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          245467                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        13436                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1484349                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            7                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1804                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         5870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2072136                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6901091                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6901091                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1762298                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         309838                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          356                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          182                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           42173                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       139985                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        74252                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          926                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        30256                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1481324                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          357                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1395943                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          315                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183658                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       445722                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2425346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.575564                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.261722                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825343     75.26%     75.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254186     10.48%     85.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       126884      5.23%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        88990      3.67%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70864      2.92%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29179      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18958      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9616      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1326      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2425346                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           319     12.82%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          902     36.24%     49.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1268     50.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174791     84.16%     84.16% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20685      1.48%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.64% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          173      0.01%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126378      9.05%     94.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        73916      5.30%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1395943                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.528656                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2489                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5220036                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1665354                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1372630                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1398432                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2773                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25404                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1415                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        40457                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         12584                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1321                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1481686                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          487                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       139985                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74252                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          183                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1110                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12735                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13479                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        26214                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1374874                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       118785                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21069                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             192675                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         195020                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            73890                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.520677                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1372701                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1372630                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          789323                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2127556                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.519827                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.371000                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027233                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1264100                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       217587                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          349                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        23260                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2384889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.530046                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.363597                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1858025     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       265311     11.12%     89.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96227      4.03%     93.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45930      1.93%     94.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44053      1.85%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22878      0.96%     97.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16495      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8787      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27183      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2384889                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1027233                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1264100                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               187418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              114581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               174                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           182366                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1138888                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        26034                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        27183                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            3839380                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3003838                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 33733                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                215206                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1027233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1264100                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1027233                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.570548                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.570548                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.389022                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.389022                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6185274                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1914094                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1376333                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          348                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         239963                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199781                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23279                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92422                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85579                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25474                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1073                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2079193                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1315864                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            239963                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       111053                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              273405                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         65552                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        60708                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          130472                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22173                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2455358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659113                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038309                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2181953     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          16498      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21001      0.86%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          33278      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13649      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          18119      0.74%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          21125      0.86%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9796      0.40%     94.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         139939      5.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2455358                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.090876                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.498329                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2067073                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles        74260                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          272046                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          143                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        41832                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        36354                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          221                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1607396                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        41832                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2069648                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles          5606                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        62438                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          269597                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles         6233                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1596537                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents            6                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents          769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         4385                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      2230741                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      7420415                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      7420415                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1839536                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         391205                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          199                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           22972                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       150894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        77426                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        17339                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1557614                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1485747                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1812                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205619                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430931                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2455358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605104                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327066                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1827061     74.41%     74.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285535     11.63%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117450      4.78%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65847      2.68%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        88953      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27840      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27107      1.10%     99.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14403      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1162      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2455358                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10283     78.85%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1427     10.94%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1332     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1251508     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20132      1.36%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.59% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136875      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77050      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1485747                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.562665                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13042                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008778                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5441706                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1763637                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1444864                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1498789                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1028                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1513                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        41832                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles          4214                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles          544                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1557998                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1036                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77426                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          460                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13088                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13477                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        26565                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1458549                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134112                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27198                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             211129                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         205871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            77017                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.552365                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1444905                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1444864                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          865786                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         2325205                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.547183                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.372348                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1070185                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1318640                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239369                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        23266                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2413526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546354                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.365653                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1854662     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283699     11.75%     88.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102694      4.25%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51272      2.12%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46630      1.93%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19731      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19454      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9234      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26150      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2413526                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1070185                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1318640                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               195487                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              119574                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           191199                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts         1187111                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        27212                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        26150                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3945372                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           3157857                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 32849                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                185194                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1070185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1318640                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1070185                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     2.467379                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               2.467379                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.405288                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.405288                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        6559915                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       2021153                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1485368                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                2640550                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         240418                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200155                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23179                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92477                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85815                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25385                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1048                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2080927                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1317999                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            240418                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       111200                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              273732                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         65206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        61420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          130447                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22076                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2457887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.038928                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2184155     88.86%     88.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          16529      0.67%     89.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          20990      0.85%     90.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          33407      1.36%     91.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13741      0.56%     92.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          17967      0.73%     93.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6          20961      0.85%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7           9802      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         140335      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2457887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.091048                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.499138                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2068803                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles        74969                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          272371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          149                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        41591                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        36433                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1609677                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1291                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        41591                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2071418                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles          5624                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        63078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          269882                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         6290                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1598718                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents          770                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         4424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      2234092                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7430015                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7430015                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1842952                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         391140                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          385                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          202                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           23234                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       150655                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        77620                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          964                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores        17425                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1559565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487480                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1774                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205588                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       429211                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2457887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605186                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.327193                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1828774     74.40%     74.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       286088     11.64%     86.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       117343      4.77%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        66154      2.69%     93.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        88937      3.62%     97.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27888      1.13%     98.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27056      1.10%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14456      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1191      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2457887                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10394     79.20%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1391     10.60%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1339     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1253177     84.25%     84.25% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20212      1.36%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       136656      9.19%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77253      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487480                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.563322                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13124                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008823                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5447745                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1765561                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1447072                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1500604                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1078                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30875                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1574                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        41591                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles          4202                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles          519                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1559954                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1079                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       150655                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77620                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          203                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          433                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            1                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12946                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13510                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        26456                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1460514                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134079                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        26966                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             211290                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         206151                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            77211                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.553110                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1447114                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1447072                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          866946                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         2328349                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.548019                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.372344                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1072158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1321065                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       238892                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          370                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        23166                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2416296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.546731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366029                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1856622     76.84%     76.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       283888     11.75%     88.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102943      4.26%     92.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51229      2.12%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46923      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19782      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19496      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9278      0.38%     98.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26135      1.08%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2416296                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1072158                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1321065                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               195826                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              119780                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           191553                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1189281                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        27259                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        26135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            3950105                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3161510                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 32759                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                182663                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1072158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1321065                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1072158                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.462837                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.462837                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.406036                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.406036                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        6569230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       2024171                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1487853                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          370                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         215268                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176389                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22841                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87105                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82006                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21671                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058304                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1229620                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            215268                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       103677                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              269153                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         65849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles        58845                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          128367                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22598                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2428957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619787                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975940                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2159804     88.92%     88.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          28753      1.18%     90.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          33328      1.37%     91.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          18248      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          20642      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          11888      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6           8035      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          21006      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         127253      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2428957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.081524                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.465668                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2041191                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles        76543                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          266671                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles         2254                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        42294                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        34924                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1500825                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        42294                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2044960                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles         16530                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles        50366                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          265204                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         9599                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1498916                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents         2056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2085285                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      6977376                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      6977376                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      1746280                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         338997                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          383                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          212                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           27754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       143553                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        76893                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1800                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        16344                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495173                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          381                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402277                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1947                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207091                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485178                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2428957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577317                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269428                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1839758     75.74%     75.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236090      9.72%     85.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127503      5.25%     90.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87904      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77399      3.19%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39559      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9794      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6286      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4664      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2428957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     45.86%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     42.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174889     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21888      1.56%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.35% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129060      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76270      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402277                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.531054                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002255                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5238620                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1702676                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377058                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1405439                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3461                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27994                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           31                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        42294                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles         12226                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1205                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495559                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143553                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76893                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          211                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          803                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           31                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12404                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13402                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        25806                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379967                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120888                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22310                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             197126                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         192173                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            76238                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.522606                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1377137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1377058                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          819324                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2149121                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.521504                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.381237                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1025098                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257722                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237843                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        22812                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2386663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526979                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346254                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1873051     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238390      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99851      4.18%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59591      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41276      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26873      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14271      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11118      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22242      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2386663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1025098                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1257722                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               190306                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              115556                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           179962                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1133951                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        25606                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        22242                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            3859986                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3033433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 33433                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                211595                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1025098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1257722                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1025098                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.575902                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.575902                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.388214                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.388214                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        6222971                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       1914118                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1397950                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                2640549                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         215173                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176307                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22830                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87076                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81979                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21659                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2057389                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1228970                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            215173                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       103638                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              269020                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         65818                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        60787                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          128307                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22586                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2429830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975121                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2160810     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          28743      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          33316      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          18237      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          20637      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          11882      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           8030      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          20996      0.86%     94.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         127179      5.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2429830                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.081488                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.465422                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2040253                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles        78507                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          266537                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles         2256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        42273                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        34911                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1500024                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        42273                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2044019                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         16699                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        52156                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          265074                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles         9605                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1498119                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         2053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         4641                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      2084128                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6973646                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6973646                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1745349                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         338779                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           27757                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       143468                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        76859                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores        16326                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1494377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1401582                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1943                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       206976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       484632                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2429830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576823                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.268916                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1840842     75.76%     75.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236072      9.72%     85.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127443      5.24%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87852      3.62%     94.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77358      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39536      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9790      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6280      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4657      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2429830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.28%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1447     45.83%     57.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1354     42.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1174299     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21865      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       128990      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76258      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1401582                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.530792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3157                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002252                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5238094                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1701767                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376384                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1404739                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3464                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27972                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        42273                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         12390                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1199                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1494764                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143468                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76859                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          802                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12399                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        25795                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1379289                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120829                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             197055                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         192092                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            76226                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.522349                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1376463                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1376384                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          818891                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         2148002                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.521249                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.381234                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1024558                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1257062                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237716                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        22802                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2387557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345721                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1874186     78.50%     78.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238300      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99800      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59557      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41260      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26849      1.12%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14261      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11112      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22232      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2387557                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1024558                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1257062                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               190208                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              115496                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           179880                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts         1133346                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        25591                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        22232                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            3860103                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           3031832                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 33416                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                210719                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1024558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1257062                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1024558                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     2.577257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               2.577257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.388009                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.388009                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        6219890                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1913098                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1397242                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         205261                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       184902                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        12657                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        81747                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          71399                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11044                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          576                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2160506                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1289860                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            205261                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        82443                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              254026                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         40206                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        53301                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          125786                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12508                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2495095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.607177                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.939680                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2241069     89.82%     89.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1           8824      0.35%     90.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          18311      0.73%     90.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3           7492      0.30%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          41693      1.67%     92.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37368      1.50%     94.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6986      0.28%     94.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          15301      0.61%     95.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         118051      4.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2495095                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.077734                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.488481                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2147580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles        66677                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          252898                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          882                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        27055                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        18081                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          207                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1511611                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1275                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        27055                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2150551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         45725                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        13161                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          250912                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles         7688                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1509503                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2803                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         2962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents           82                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1779982                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      7105065                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      7105065                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1540301                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         239662                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          183                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts           98                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           21648                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       353045                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores       177318                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1656                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         8629                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1504186                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          184                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1433830                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          862                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       138441                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       338493                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2495095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.574659                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.371994                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1985220     79.56%     79.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       153052      6.13%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       125521      5.03%     90.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        53851      2.16%     92.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        68590      2.75%     95.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66112      2.65%     98.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        37805      1.52%     99.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3119      0.13%     99.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1825      0.07%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2495095                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3612     11.12%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28046     86.33%     97.45% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.55%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       902837     62.97%     62.97% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12476      0.87%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           85      0.01%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.84% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       341755     23.84%     87.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       176677     12.32%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1433830                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.543004                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32488                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022658                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5396104                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1642859                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1419873                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1466318                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2473                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        17158                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            8                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           49                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1656                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          129                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        27055                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         41853                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1935                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1504370                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       353045                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       177318                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1313                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           49                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6648                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         7922                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        14570                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1422494                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       340560                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11335                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             517205                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         185893                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores           176645                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.538711                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1419996                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1419873                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          768139                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1517812                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.537718                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.506083                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1143731                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1343968                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       160509                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          172                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        12700                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2468040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.544549                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366548                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1980241     80.24%     80.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       178192      7.22%     87.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        83501      3.38%     90.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        82476      3.34%     94.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        22360      0.91%     95.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        96036      3.89%     98.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7440      0.30%     99.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5266      0.21%     99.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        12528      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2468040                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1143731                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1343968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               511549                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              335887                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                86                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           177358                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts         1195197                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        13009                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        12528                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3959989                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           3036030                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 48898                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                145457                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1143731                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1343968                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1143731                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     2.308718                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               2.308718                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.433141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.433141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        7026280                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1653625                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1791635                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          172                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         203635                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       179804                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18314                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       130560                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits         124494                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          12914                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          603                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2103700                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1155844                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            203635                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches       137408                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              255502                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         59759                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles        31921                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          129245                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        17780                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.537586                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.798048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2176953     89.50%     89.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1          36872      1.52%     91.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          20676      0.85%     91.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3          36375      1.50%     93.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          12609      0.52%     93.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          33542      1.38%     95.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           5690      0.23%     95.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7           9885      0.41%     95.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8          99853      4.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2432455                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.077118                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.437728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2086766                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles        49663                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          254774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          333                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        40916                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        20543                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          417                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1302728                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1706                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        40916                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2089099                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles         27626                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        15484                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          252563                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         6764                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1299792                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents            8                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         1157                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         4827                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1715030                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      5907446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      5907446                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1354964                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         360042                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          186                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts           99                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           18147                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       225495                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores        40164                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads          349                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8912                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1290448                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          189                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1195617                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1246                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       255119                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       544041                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.491527                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.113903                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1912194     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       167638      6.89%     85.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       166996      6.87%     92.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        98742      4.06%     96.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        54937      2.26%     98.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        14759      0.61%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        16432      0.68%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          430      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          327      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432455                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2281     58.41%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     58.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead          903     23.12%     81.54% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          721     18.46%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       942741     78.85%     78.85% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult         9865      0.83%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.68% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       203378     17.01%     96.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        39545      3.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1195617                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.452791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3905                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003266                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4828840                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1545775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1162196                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1199522                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1101                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        50653                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            9                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1661                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        40916                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles         20982                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles          894                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1290642                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       225495                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        40164                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts           98                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents          487                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11021                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8349                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        19370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1177968                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       199777                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             239294                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         177532                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores            39517                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.446107                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1162840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1162196                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          701111                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1568605                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.440134                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.446965                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts       910115                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1032376                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       258306                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        17998                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2391539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.431679                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.294807                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2002969     83.75%     83.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       155355      6.50%     90.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96562      4.04%     94.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        31392      1.31%     95.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        50220      2.10%     97.70% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        10586      0.44%     98.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         6820      0.29%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6089      0.25%     98.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31546      1.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2391539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts       910115                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1032376                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               213340                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              174837                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           157634                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts          904670                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13686                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        31546                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            3650662                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           2622328                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 48559                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                208097                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts            910115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1032376                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total       910115                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.901339                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.901339                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.344668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.344668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        5458337                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1524659                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1364671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         217370                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       177762                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23118                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87877                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82971                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21866                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1054                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2083855                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1215678                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            217370                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       104837                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              252137                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         64073                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        50118                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           25                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          129199                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2426802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.615464                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.963116                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2174665     89.61%     89.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          11586      0.48%     90.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          18223      0.75%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          24409      1.01%     91.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          25915      1.07%     92.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          21978      0.91%     93.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          11466      0.47%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          18476      0.76%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         120084      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2426802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.082320                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.460388                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2062374                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles        72074                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          251468                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          428                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        40453                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        35667                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1490266                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1289                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        40453                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2068551                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         15972                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        42583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          245745                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        13493                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1488758                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            4                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1813                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         5907                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2077719                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6921190                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6921190                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1767236                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         310483                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          359                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          184                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           42547                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       140492                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        74454                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          901                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        30473                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1485695                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          361                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1399750                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          280                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       183958                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       447981                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            8                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2426802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576788                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.262732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1825579     75.23%     75.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       254190     10.47%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127024      5.23%     90.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        89829      3.70%     94.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71062      2.93%     97.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        29197      1.20%     98.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        18953      0.78%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         9670      0.40%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1298      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2426802                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           331     12.99%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          952     37.35%     50.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1266     49.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1178166     84.17%     84.17% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20747      1.48%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          174      0.01%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       126553      9.04%     94.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        74110      5.29%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1399750                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.530097                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2549                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001821                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5229131                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670029                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1376510                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1402299                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2886                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        25617                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            0                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           16                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1416                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        40453                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         12863                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1351                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1486061                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           19                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       140492                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        74454                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          185                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1131                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           16                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12479                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13729                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        26208                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1378695                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       119148                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        21055                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             193233                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         195646                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            74085                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.522124                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1376583                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1376510                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          791452                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2133453                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.521296                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.370972                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1030142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1267556                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       218507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          353                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        23178                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2386349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.531170                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.364924                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1858070     77.86%     77.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       266184     11.15%     89.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        96291      4.04%     93.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        45909      1.92%     94.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44398      1.86%     96.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22801      0.96%     97.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        16581      0.69%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         8940      0.37%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        27175      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2386349                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1030142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1267556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               187913                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              114875                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               176                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           182818                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1142016                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        26091                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        27175                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            3845224                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3012588                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 33609                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                213750                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1030142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1267556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1030142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.563289                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.563289                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.390124                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.390124                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        6202076                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1918928                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1380236                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          352                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         215323                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176437                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22848                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        87124                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          82023                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21679                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          998                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2058858                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1229979                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            215323                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       103702                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              269228                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         65876                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        60219                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          128402                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22604                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2430979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619450                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975463                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2161751     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          28761      1.18%     90.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          33337      1.37%     91.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          18253      0.75%     92.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          20647      0.85%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          11888      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           8038      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21011      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         127293      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2430979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.081545                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.465804                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2041713                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles        77948                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          266745                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles         2256                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42313                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        34931                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          361                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1501267                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         2000                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42313                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2045485                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         16496                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        51782                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          265277                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles         9622                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1499365                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2050                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         4657                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2085922                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6979496                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6979496                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1746724                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         339168                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          384                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          213                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           27811                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       143586                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        76915                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1795                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        16353                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495608                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          382                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1402705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1948                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       207190                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       485232                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           42                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2430979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577012                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269151                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1841571     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236212      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127532      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87917      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77426      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39572      1.63%     99.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9795      0.40%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6288      0.26%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4666      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2430979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           356     11.26%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1450     45.86%     57.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1356     42.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175222     83.78%     83.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21901      1.56%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.34% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          170      0.01%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.36% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129098      9.20%     94.56% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76314      5.44%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1402705                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.531217                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3162                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002254                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5241494                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1703212                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1377469                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1405867                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3474                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28002                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           32                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2147                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42313                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         12183                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1196                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495995                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            4                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143586                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        76915                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          212                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          800                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           32                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12407                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13408                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        25815                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1380374                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       120914                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22326                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             197195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         192221                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            76281                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.522760                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1377548                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1377469                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          819554                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2149737                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.521659                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.381235                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1025357                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1258043                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       237953                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        22820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2388666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.526672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.345973                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1874947     78.49%     78.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238440      9.98%     88.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        99862      4.18%     92.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59601      2.50%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41284      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26880      1.13%     98.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14277      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11122      0.47%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22253      0.93%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2388666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1025357                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1258043                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               190349                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              115581                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           180005                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1134244                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        25614                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        22253                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            3862409                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3034327                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 33442                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                209573                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1025357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1258043                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1025357                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.575251                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.575251                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.388312                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.388312                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        6224825                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1914658                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1398376                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         215364                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       176338                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        22775                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        86829                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          81898                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          21705                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          994                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2059667                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1230180                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            215364                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       103603                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              269217                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         65572                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        61300                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          128397                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22519                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2432614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.619053                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.975237                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2163397     88.93%     88.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          28813      1.18%     90.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          33464      1.38%     91.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          18206      0.75%     92.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          20401      0.84%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          11969      0.49%     93.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           7908      0.33%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          20987      0.86%     94.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         127469      5.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2432614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.081560                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.465880                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2042018                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles        79563                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          266681                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles         2280                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        42068                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        35032                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          363                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1501182                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1978                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        42068                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2045841                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         15798                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        53915                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          265159                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         9829                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1499181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         2123                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4749                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2085506                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6978742                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6978742                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1749678                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         335828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          389                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          218                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           28539                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       143429                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        77269                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1832                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        16354                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1495291                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          388                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1403859                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1937                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204512                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       477967                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           48                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2432614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577099                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.269059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1842652     75.75%     75.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       236425      9.72%     85.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       127747      5.25%     90.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        87944      3.62%     94.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        77447      3.18%     97.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        39573      1.63%     99.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6         9980      0.41%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6193      0.25%     99.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         4653      0.19%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2432614                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           357     11.23%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1447     45.50%     56.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1376     43.27%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1175847     83.76%     83.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21947      1.56%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.32% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          171      0.01%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.33% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       129299      9.21%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        76595      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1403859                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.531654                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3180                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002265                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5245449                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1700225                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1378696                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1407039                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3627                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27622                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           12                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           34                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2343                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           85                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        42068                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         11414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1131                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1495684                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           14                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       143429                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77269                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          218                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          748                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           34                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12370                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13357                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        25727                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1381631                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       121308                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        22228                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             197861                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         192587                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            76553                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.523236                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1378780                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1378696                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          820116                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2150172                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.522124                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.381419                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1027119                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1260280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       235421                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          340                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        22757                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2390546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.527193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.346875                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1876001     78.48%     78.48% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       238833      9.99%     88.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       100060      4.19%     92.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        59622      2.49%     95.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        41334      1.73%     96.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        26933      1.13%     98.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        14259      0.60%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11126      0.47%     99.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        22378      0.94%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2390546                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1027119                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1260280                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               190733                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              115807                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               170                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           180352                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1136267                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        25672                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        22378                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            3863869                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3033472                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 33415                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                207938                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1027119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1260280                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1027119                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.570834                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.570834                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.388979                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.388979                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        6230703                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1915835                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1399179                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          340                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                2640552                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         240659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200336                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        23199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        92209                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          85670                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          25562                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1063                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2082462                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1319743                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            240659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       111232                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              274181                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         65368                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles        60812                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          130602                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        22111                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2459401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.659945                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     2.039563                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2185220     88.85%     88.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          16609      0.68%     89.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          20928      0.85%     90.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          33431      1.36%     91.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          13758      0.56%     92.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          18086      0.74%     93.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6          21115      0.86%     93.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7           9872      0.40%     94.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         140382      5.71%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2459401                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.091140                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.499798                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2070382                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles        74305                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          272840                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          141                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        41729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        36500                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          218                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1612197                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1283                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        41729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2072921                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles          5565                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        62544                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          270418                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         6220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1601396                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents          773                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         4397                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2237743                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7442781                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7442781                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1845276                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         392461                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          382                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          200                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           23017                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       151191                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        77674                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads          933                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17430                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1561925                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          384                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1490207                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1836                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205667                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       430026                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2459401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.605923                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.328263                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1829565     74.39%     74.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       285969     11.63%     86.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       118039      4.80%     90.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        65731      2.67%     93.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        89283      3.63%     97.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        27879      1.13%     98.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        27289      1.11%     99.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        14462      0.59%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1184      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2459401                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         10383     78.96%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1431     10.88%     89.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1335     10.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1255141     84.23%     84.23% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        20251      1.36%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.58% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.60% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       137308      9.21%     94.81% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        77325      5.19%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1490207                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.564354                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             13149                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008824                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5454800                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1767997                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1449140                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1503356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1064                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        31264                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1545                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        41729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles          4157                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles          532                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1562309                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1102                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       151191                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        77674                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          200                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents          455                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        12968                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        13467                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        26435                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1462768                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134421                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        27439                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             211718                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         206465                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            77297                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.553963                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1449183                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1449140                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          868291                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2332025                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.548802                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.372333                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1073495                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1322712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       239602                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          369                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        23190                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2417672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.547102                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.366683                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1857308     76.82%     76.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       284344     11.76%     88.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       102928      4.26%     92.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        51449      2.13%     94.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        46836      1.94%     96.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        19817      0.82%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        19471      0.81%     98.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9242      0.38%     98.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        26277      1.09%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2417672                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1073495                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1322712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               196052                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              119923                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           191784                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1190766                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27292                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        26277                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            3953696                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3166368                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 32750                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                181151                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1073495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1322712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1073495                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.459771                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.459771                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.406542                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.406542                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6579061                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2027077                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1489794                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l2.replacements                           3689                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tagsinuse                      32754.414466                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.total_refs                           731179                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.sampled_refs                          36446                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.avg_refs                          20.061982                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.warmup_cycle                              0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.occ_blocks::writebacks          1080.550023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.746980                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   259.668556                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.497301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   179.266721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.838083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    92.746914                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    24.219251                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    88.512327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    24.750660                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   124.675250                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    24.222384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    88.109868                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    12.803578                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data    45.857666                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.423715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data    44.949871                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.838745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    84.704711                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.838811                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data    88.353838                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.529904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   177.918062                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    24.752014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   117.409740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    22.852015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    83.505119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.839381                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    83.132295                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.840180                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    87.509487                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    11.848721                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data    43.195352                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu00.data          3595.543146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu01.data          2359.047610                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu02.data          1793.878493                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu03.data          1443.290147                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu04.data          2055.561023                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu05.data          1439.597637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu06.data          1203.929810                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu07.data          1224.640922                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu08.data          1903.403292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu09.data          1822.960795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu10.data          2328.545363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu11.data          2098.945347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu12.data          1457.274502                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu13.data          1953.112014                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu14.data          1811.917015                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_blocks::cpu15.data          1224.859825                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.occ_percent::writebacks            0.032976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000389                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.007924                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.005471                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.002830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.002701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.003805                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.002689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.001399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.001372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.002585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.002696                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.005430                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000755                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.003583                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.002548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.002537                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000422                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.002671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.001318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu00.data            0.109727                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu01.data            0.071992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu02.data            0.054745                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu03.data            0.044046                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu04.data            0.062731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu05.data            0.043933                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu06.data            0.036741                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu07.data            0.037373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu08.data            0.058087                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu09.data            0.055632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu10.data            0.071062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu11.data            0.064055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu12.data            0.044472                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu13.data            0.059604                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu14.data            0.055295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::cpu15.data            0.037380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.occ_percent::total                 0.999585                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          522                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          300                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          295                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          350                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          452                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          304                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          351                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    5579                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2403                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                    23                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          522                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          298                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          245                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          361                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          351                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          248                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     5602                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          522                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          455                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          344                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          303                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          374                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          298                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          241                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          245                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          355                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          350                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          452                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          383                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          307                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          361                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          351                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          248                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    5602                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          520                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  3624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                  56                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2056633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     77954473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2441005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57804026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217378                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25874729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4509733                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23683256                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4039023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33471057                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4566023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23530276                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4018341                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16543920                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3718699                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15246447                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252246                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24090327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2167266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24808119                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2216096                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57739916                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3987524                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31871554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4226149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22383617                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2099913                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23451513                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2022056                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24269314                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3090405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14600943                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_latency::total       546951977                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8256841                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       148959                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       8405800                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2056633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     86211314                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2441005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57804026                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217378                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25874729                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4509733                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23683256                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4039023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33471057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4566023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23530276                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4018341                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16543920                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3718699                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15246447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24090327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2167266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24808119                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2216096                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57739916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3987524                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31871554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4226149                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22383617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2099913                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23451513                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2022056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24418273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3090405                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14600943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        555357777                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2056633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     86211314                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2441005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     57804026                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2217378                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     25874729                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      4509733                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     23683256                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4039023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     33471057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      4566023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     23530276                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4018341                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     16543920                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      3718699                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     15246447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2252246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     24090327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2167266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     24808119                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2216096                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     57739916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      3987524                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     31871554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4226149                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     22383617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2099913                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     23451513                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2022056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     24418273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3090405                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     14600943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       555357777                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1042                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          595                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          451                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          593                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          452                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          514                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                9203                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2403                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total                79                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 9282                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data         1097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          454                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          350                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          596                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                9282                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.499040                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340659                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376471                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345898                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.314121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293605                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359191                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.327434                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317121                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285714                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.393785                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.708861                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.524157                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374582                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343612                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311429                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357383                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.325275                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.283237                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.396466                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.524157                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374582                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343612                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311429                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291908                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357383                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.325275                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.283237                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.396466                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158202.538462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149912.448077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162733.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151319.439791                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158384.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150434.470930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155508.034483                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152795.200000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155347.038462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149424.361607                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157449.068966                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150835.102564                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154551.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151779.082569                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154945.791667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150954.920792                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160874.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149629.360248                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154804.714286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149446.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158292.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151548.335958                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153366.307692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149631.708920                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156524.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151240.655405                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149993.785714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151300.083871                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144432.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148891.496933                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147162.142857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148989.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150924.938466                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 150124.381818                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       148959                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 150103.571429                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158202.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149932.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162733.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151319.439791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158384.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150434.470930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155508.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152795.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155347.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149424.361607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157449.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150835.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154551.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151779.082569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154945.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150954.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160874.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149629.360248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154804.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149446.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158292.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151548.335958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153366.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149631.708920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156524.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151240.655405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149993.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151300.083871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144432.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148891.908537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147162.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148989.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 150912.439402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 158202.538462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 149932.720000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 162733.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 151319.439791                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 158384.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 150434.470930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 155508.034483                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 152795.200000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 155347.038462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 149424.361607                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 157449.068966                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 150835.102564                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 154551.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 151779.082569                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 154945.791667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 150954.920792                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 160874.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 149629.360248                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 154804.714286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 149446.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 158292.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 151548.335958                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 153366.307692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 149631.708920                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 156524.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 151240.655405                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 149993.785714                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 151300.083871                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 144432.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 148891.908537                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 147162.142857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 148989.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 150912.439402                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 1466                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      1466                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          163                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total             3624                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total             56                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              3680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          575                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          382                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          172                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          224                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          156                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          109                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           24                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          101                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          161                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          381                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          213                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          148                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          155                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          164                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             3680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1299855                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     47671614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1568695                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35564167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1405202                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15863732                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2822303                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14657402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20419270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2883005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14442614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2507963                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10197808                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2324011                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9370097                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1440939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14719317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1356686                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15137315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1399430                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35554752                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2474823                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19467130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2657107                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13766736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282066                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14424608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1209235                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14780562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1868738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8896402                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    335962932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      5053685                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        90530                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5144215                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1299855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     52725299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1568695                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35564167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1405202                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15863732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2822303                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14657402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20419270                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2883005                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14442614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2507963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10197808                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2324011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9370097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1440939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14719317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1356686                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15137315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1399430                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35554752                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2474823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19467130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2657107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13766736                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14424608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1209235                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14871092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1868738                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8896402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    341107147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      1299855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     52725299                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      1568695                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     35564167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      1405202                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     15863732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2822303                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     14657402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      2529348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     20419270                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      2883005                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     14442614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      2507963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     10197808                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      2324011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      9370097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      1440939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     14719317                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      1356686                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     15137315                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      1399430                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     35554752                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      2474823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     19467130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      2657107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     13766736                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      1282066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     14424608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      1209235                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     14871092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1868738                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      8896402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    341107147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.499040                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.340659                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.376471                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.345898                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.314121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.293605                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.359191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.327434                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.317121                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.285714                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.393785                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.708861                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.524157                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374582                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343612                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291908                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357383                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.325275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.283237                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.396466                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.524157                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.456392                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.338428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.374582                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.935484                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.343612                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.928571                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.311429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.923077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.291908                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.312016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.321705                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.457383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.357383                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.325275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.300388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.318447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.913043                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.283237                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.396466                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99988.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91676.180769                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104579.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93099.913613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100371.571429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        92231                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97320.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94563.883871                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97282.615385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91157.455357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99413.965517                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92580.858974                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96460.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93557.871560                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96833.791667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92773.237624                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102924.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91424.329193                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96906.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91188.644578                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99959.285714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93319.559055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95185.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91394.976526                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98411.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93018.486486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91576.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93061.987097                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86373.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90678.294479                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88987.523810                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90779.612245                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92705.003311                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91885.181818                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        90530                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91860.982143                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99988.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91696.172174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104579.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93099.913613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100371.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        92231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97320.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94563.883871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91157.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99413.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92580.858974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96460.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93557.871560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96833.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92773.237624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102924.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91424.329193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96906.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91188.644578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99959.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93319.559055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95185.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91394.976526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98411.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93018.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91576.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93061.987097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86373.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90677.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88987.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90779.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92692.159511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 99988.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 91696.172174                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 104579.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 93099.913613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 100371.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        92231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 97320.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 94563.883871                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 97282.615385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 91157.455357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 99413.965517                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 92580.858974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 96460.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 93557.871560                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 96833.791667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 92773.237624                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 102924.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 91424.329193                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 96906.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 91188.644578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 99959.285714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 93319.559055                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 95185.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 91394.976526                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 98411.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93018.486486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 91576.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 93061.987097                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 86373.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 90677.390244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 88987.523810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 90779.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 92692.159511                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              501.746292                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750132837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1494288.519920                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    12.746292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst          489                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.020427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.783654                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.804081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        124907                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         124907                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       124907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        124907                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           17                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           17                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2676890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2676890                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2676890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2676890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2676890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2676890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       124924                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       124924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       124924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       124924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157464.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 157464.117647                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157464.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 157464.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 157464.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 157464.117647                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2165837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2165837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2165837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2165837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst      2165837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2165837                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166602.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166602.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166602.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166602.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 166602.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166602.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                 1097                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              125036107                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                 1353                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             92413.974132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   190.090286                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data    65.909714                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.742540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.257460                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        94690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         94690                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        76476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        76476                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         171166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       171166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        171166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2461                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          421                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2882                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2882                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    320546530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    320546530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data     73976944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     73976944                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    394523474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    394523474                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    394523474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    394523474                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        97151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97151                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        76897                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          157                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          152                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       174048                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       174048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       174048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.025332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.025332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.005475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.005475                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016559                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.016559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016559                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 130250.520114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 130250.520114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 175717.206651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175717.206651                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 136892.253296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 136892.253296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 136892.253296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 136892.253296                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total             513                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data          366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          366                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1785                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1785                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           55                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1097                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    118966076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118966076                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      8808739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      8808739                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    127774815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    127774815                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    127774815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    127774815                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.010726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.010726                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000715                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006303                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 114170.898273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 114170.898273                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 160158.890909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 160158.890909                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116476.586144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116476.586144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 116476.586144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 116476.586144                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              557.496460                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              765406667                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  558                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1371696.535842                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    14.496460                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.023232                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.893424                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125769                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         125769                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       125769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        125769                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           18                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           18                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3042867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3042867                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3042867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3042867                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      3042867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3042867                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       125787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       125787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       125787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000143                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169048.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169048.166667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169048.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169048.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 169048.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169048.166667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625032                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625032                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst      2625032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2625032                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175002.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175002.133333                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175002.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175002.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 175002.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 175002.133333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              287890465                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1093                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             263394.752973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   101.577424                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   154.422576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.396787                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.603213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       322075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        322075                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       175679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       497754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         497754                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       497754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        497754                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3014                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3014                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3014                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    367217175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    367217175                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    367217175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    367217175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    367217175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    367217175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       325089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       325089                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       175679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175679                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           88                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       500768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       500768                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       500768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       500768                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009271                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006019                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006019                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121837.151626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121837.151626                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121837.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 121837.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 121837.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 121837.151626                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             151                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2177                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          837                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94012289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     94012289                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94012289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     94012289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data     94012289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     94012289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001671                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112320.536440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112320.536440                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112320.536440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112320.536440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 112320.536440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112320.536440                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              495.837187                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              746972830                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1505993.608871                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    13.837187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.022175                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794611                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128218                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         128218                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       128218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        128218                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3447533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3447533                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3447533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3447533                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      3447533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3447533                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       128238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       128238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       128238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172376.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172376.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172376.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172376.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 172376.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172376.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2508470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508470                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2508470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst      2508470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2508470                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179176.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179176.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179176.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179176.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 179176.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179176.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              117715956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             152481.808290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   167.240345                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data    88.759655                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.653283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.346717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        88464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        74273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74273                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       162737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         162737                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       162737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        162737                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    216830744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    216830744                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      5089221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5089221                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    221919965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    221919965                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    221919965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    221919965                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        90248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90248                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        74324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74324                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       164572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164572                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       164572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164572                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.019768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019768                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011150                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.011150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011150                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 121541.896861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 121541.896861                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 99788.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99788.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120937.310627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120937.310627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 120937.310627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120937.310627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51759308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51759308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51759308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51759308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     51759308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51759308                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005718                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003135                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100308.736434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100308.736434                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100308.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100308.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 100308.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100308.736434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              500.624516                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              746408725                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1475116.057312                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.624516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.041065                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802283                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129049                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         129049                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       129049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        129049                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6989275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6989275                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6989275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6989275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      6989275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6989275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       129088                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       129088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       129088                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000302                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179212.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 179212.179487                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179212.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 179212.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179212.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 179212.179487                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5571579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571579                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5571579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571579                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      5571579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5571579                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179728.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179728.354839                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179728.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179728.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 179728.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179728.354839                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              112761880                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  714                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             157929.803922                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   158.901653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data    97.098347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.620710                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.379290                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        87185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87185                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        72781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72781                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         159966                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       159966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        159966                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1471                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1487                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1487                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    176143645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    176143645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      1507536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1507536                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    177651181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    177651181                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    177651181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    177651181                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        88656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88656                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        72797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72797                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       161453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.016592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016592                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000220                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009210                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009210                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119744.150238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119744.150238                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        94221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        94221                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119469.523201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119469.523201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 119469.523201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119469.523201                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1029                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         1029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1029                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          458                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46128330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46128330                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       231840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       231840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46360170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     46360170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     46360170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     46360170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005132                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002837                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002837                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101380.945055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101380.945055                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        77280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        77280                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101223.078603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101223.078603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 101223.078603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101223.078603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              550.795563                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              643069372                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1162874.090416                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    25.696750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst   525.098814                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.041181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.841505                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882685                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129150                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         129150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       129150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        129150                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           34                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           34                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           34                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5264461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5264461                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5264461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5264461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      5264461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5264461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       129184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       129184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       129184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000263                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154837.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154837.088235                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154837.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154837.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 154837.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154837.088235                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4504885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4504885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4504885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4504885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst      4504885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4504885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166847.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166847.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 166847.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 166847.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  598                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              150603927                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  854                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             176351.202576                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   156.408374                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data    99.591626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.610970                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.389030                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       180488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180488                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       218786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         218786                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       218786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        218786                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    223706972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    223706972                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data      1276836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1276836                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    224983808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    224983808                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    224983808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    224983808                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       182526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182526                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       220839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       220839                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       220839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       220839                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.011166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011166                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109767.895976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109767.895976                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 85122.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85122.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109587.826595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 109587.826595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 109587.826595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 109587.826595                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total              65                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1443                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data         1455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1455                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          598                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61391378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61391378                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       193565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       193565                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61584943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61584943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     61584943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61584943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003260                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002708                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002708                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 103178.786555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103178.786555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 64521.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 64521.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102984.854515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102984.854515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 102984.854515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102984.854515                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              500.628020                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              746408847                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  506                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1475116.298419                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    25.628020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.041071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.802288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129171                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         129171                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       129171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        129171                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           40                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           40                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           40                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7030999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      7030999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7030999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      7030999                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      7030999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      7030999                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129211                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       129211                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       129211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       129211                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000310                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175774.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 175774.975000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175774.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 175774.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 175774.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 175774.975000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           31                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5581254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581254                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5581254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581254                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst      5581254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      5581254                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180040.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180040.451613                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180040.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180040.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 180040.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 180040.451613                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  454                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              112761391                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  710                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             158818.860563                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   158.895599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data    97.104401                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.620686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.379314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87003                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        72478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72478                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         159481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       159481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        159481                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1452                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           16                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1468                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1468                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    173243077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173243077                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1293488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1293488                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174536565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    174536565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    174536565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    174536565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        88455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88455                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        72494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72494                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          175                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       160949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       160949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       160949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       160949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.016415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000221                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 119313.413912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119313.413912                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        80843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        80843                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118894.117847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 118894.117847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 118894.117847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 118894.117847                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              95                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1001                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1014                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1014                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45792982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45792982                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       203052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       203052                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45996034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45996034                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     45996034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45996034                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002821                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002821                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101536.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101536.545455                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        67684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        67684                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101312.850220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101312.850220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 101312.850220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101312.850220                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              468.187765                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              749856911                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1552498.780538                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    13.187765                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.021134                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.750301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130436                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         130436                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       130436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        130436                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           36                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           36                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           36                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5907027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5907027                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5907027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5907027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      5907027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5907027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130472                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       130472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       130472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       130472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164084.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 164084.083333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164084.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 164084.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 164084.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 164084.083333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4610340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4610340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4610340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4610340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst      4610340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4610340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       164655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164655                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       164655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst       164655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       164655                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  350                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              108861965                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  606                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             179640.206271                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   116.918176                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   139.081824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.456712                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.543288                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       103104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103104                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        75526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75526                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         178630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       178630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        178630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          876                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total          888                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total          888                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     94358757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     94358757                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1096272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1096272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     95455029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     95455029                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     95455029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     95455029                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       103980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103980                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        75538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75538                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          189                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179518                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       179518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179518                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008425                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000159                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004947                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107715.476027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107715.476027                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        91356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        91356                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107494.402027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107494.402027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 107494.402027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107494.402027                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              79                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          347                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          350                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34395828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     34395828                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       212827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       212827                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34608655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     34608655                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     34608655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     34608655                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003337                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001950                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 99123.423631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99123.423631                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 70942.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70942.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98881.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98881.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 98881.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98881.871429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              467.808474                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              749856891                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  481                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1558954.035343                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    12.808474                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.020526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.749693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         130416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       130416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        130416                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           31                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           31                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           31                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5262677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5262677                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5262677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5262677                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      5262677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5262677                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130447                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       130447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       130447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       130447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169763.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169763.774194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169763.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169763.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 169763.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169763.774194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4451994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451994                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4451994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451994                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst      4451994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4451994                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000199                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171230.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171230.538462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171230.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171230.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 171230.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 171230.538462                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              108861975                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             180833.845515                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   116.881756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   139.118244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.456569                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.543431                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       102968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        102968                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        75665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75665                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         178633                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       178633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        178633                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          867                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            5                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total          872                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total          872                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91567389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     91567389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       342327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       342327                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91909716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     91909716                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     91909716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     91909716                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       103835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       103835                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        75670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75670                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          195                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          185                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179505                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       179505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179505                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.008350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008350                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000066                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004858                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.004858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004858                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105614.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105614.058824                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 68465.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 68465.400000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105401.050459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105401.050459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 105401.050459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105401.050459                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              77                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          523                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          526                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          344                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33493139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33493139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       133342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       133342                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33626481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33626481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data     33626481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33626481                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003313                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000026                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001928                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97363.776163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97363.776163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        66671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        66671                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97186.361272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97186.361272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 97186.361272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97186.361272                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              495.837880                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              746972959                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1505993.868952                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    13.837880                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.022176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         128347                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       128347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        128347                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3470076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3470076                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3470076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3470076                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      3470076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3470076                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128367                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       128367                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       128367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       128367                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173503.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 173503.800000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173503.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 173503.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 173503.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 173503.800000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2509614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509614                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2509614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509614                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst      2509614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2509614                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179258.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179258.142857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179258.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179258.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 179258.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 179258.142857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              117716113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             152482.011658                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   167.355031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data    88.644969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.653731                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.346269                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        88555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        74339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74339                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       162894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         162894                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       162894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        162894                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1786                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1837                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1837                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    214221149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214221149                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data      5820238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5820238                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220041387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220041387                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    220041387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220041387                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        90341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90341                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        74390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74390                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          179                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164731                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       164731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164731                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.019770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019770                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.011152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119944.652296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119944.652296                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 114122.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114122.313725                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119783.008710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119783.008710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 119783.008710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119783.008710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1270                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data         1321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50617715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50617715                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50617715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50617715                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     50617715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50617715                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005712                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98096.346899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98096.346899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98096.346899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98096.346899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 98096.346899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98096.346899                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              495.837976                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              746972899                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1505993.747984                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    13.837976                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.022176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       128287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128287                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       128287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         128287                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       128287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        128287                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3338129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3338129                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3338129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3338129                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      3338129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3338129                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       128307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       128307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       128307                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       128307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       128307                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166906.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 166906.450000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166906.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 166906.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 166906.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 166906.450000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2393589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393589                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2393589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst      2393589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2393589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170970.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170970.642857                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170970.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170970.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 170970.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 170970.642857                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              117716024                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             152481.896373                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   167.343084                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data    88.656916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.653684                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.346316                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        88503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88503                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        74301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74301                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       162804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         162804                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       162804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        162804                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    214679209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    214679209                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      5616816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5616816                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220296025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220296025                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220296025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220296025                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        90287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90287                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        74352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74352                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       164639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       164639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.019759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019759                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000686                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120335.879484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120335.879484                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 110133.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110133.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120052.329700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120052.329700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 120052.329700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120052.329700                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total             185                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51296694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51296694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51296694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51296694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data     51296694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51296694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.005715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005715                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99412.197674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99412.197674                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99412.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99412.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 99412.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99412.197674                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              556.529149                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              765406668                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  557                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1374159.188510                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    13.529149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          543                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.021681                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.870192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.891874                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        125770                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         125770                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       125770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        125770                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           16                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           16                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2719399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      2719399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2719399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      2719399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2719399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      2719399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       125786                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       125786                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       125786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       125786                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169962.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 169962.437500                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169962.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 169962.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 169962.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 169962.437500                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2352248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2352248                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2352248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2352248                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst      2352248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2352248                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168017.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168017.714286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 168017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 168017.714286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  833                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              287889714                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1089                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             264361.537190                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   101.884803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   154.115197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.397988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.602012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       321510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        321510                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       175490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       175490                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         497000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       497000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        497000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2992                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2992                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2992                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    365200373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    365200373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    365200373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    365200373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    365200373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    365200373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       324502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       324502                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       175490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       175490                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           86                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       499992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       499992                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       499992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       499992                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009220                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005984                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.005984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005984                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122058.948195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 122058.948195                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122058.948195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 122058.948195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 122058.948195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 122058.948195                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             138                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2159                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2159                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         2159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2159                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          833                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93716843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     93716843                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93716843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     93716843                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     93716843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     93716843                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001666                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112505.213685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112505.213685                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112505.213685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112505.213685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 112505.213685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 112505.213685                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              550.796999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              643069434                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  553                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1162874.202532                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.698201                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   525.098798                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.041183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.841504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.882687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129212                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         129212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       129212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        129212                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           33                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           33                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           33                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5103469                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      5103469                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      5103469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      5103469                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129245                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       129245                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       129245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       129245                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154650.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154650.575758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154650.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154650.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 154650.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154650.575758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4373600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4373600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4373600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4373600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst      4373600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4373600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000209                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161985.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161985.185185                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161985.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161985.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 161985.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161985.185185                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  596                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              150604185                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                  852                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             176765.475352                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   156.677492                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data    99.322508                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.612021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.387979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       180746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        180746                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        38298                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         219044                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       219044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        219044                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2038                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         2053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         2053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    219022122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    219022122                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      1316563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1316563                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    220338685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    220338685                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    220338685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    220338685                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       182784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       182784                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        38313                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           92                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       221097                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       221097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       221097                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.011150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011150                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000392                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107469.147203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107469.147203                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 87770.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87770.866667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107325.224062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 107325.224062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 107325.224062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 107325.224062                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total              68                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1445                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1457                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          596                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60158269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60158269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data       204647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       204647                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60362916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60362916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data     60362916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60362916                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003244                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000078                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002696                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101447.333895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101447.333895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 68215.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68215.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101280.060403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101280.060403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 101280.060403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101280.060403                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              498.554234                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              746408838                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  503                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1483914.190855                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    23.554234                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.037747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.798965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        129162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         129162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       129162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        129162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           37                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           37                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           37                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6380266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6380266                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6380266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      6380266                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      6380266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      6380266                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       129199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       129199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       129199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       129199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172439.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 172439.621622                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172439.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 172439.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 172439.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 172439.621622                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4999529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4999529                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4999529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      4999529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst      4999529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      4999529                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000217                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178554.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178554.607143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 178554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 178554.607143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  455                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              112761775                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  711                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             158596.026723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   158.659475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data    97.340525                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.619764                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.380236                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         87182                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        72679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        72679                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         159861                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       159861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        159861                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1465                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    173141206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    173141206                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1159704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1159704                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174300910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    174300910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    174300910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    174300910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        88647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        88647                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        72693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        72693                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          177                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          176                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       161340                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       161340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       161340                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.016526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016526                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009167                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009167                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 118185.123549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 118185.123549                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        82836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total        82836                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117850.513861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 117850.513861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 117850.513861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 117850.513861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              96                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1013                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1024                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          452                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     44960550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     44960550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45152850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     45152850                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     45152850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     45152850                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005099                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002820                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99470.243363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99470.243363                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99237.032967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99237.032967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 99237.032967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99237.032967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              495.838548                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              746972994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1505993.939516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    13.838548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.022177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128382                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         128382                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       128382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        128382                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3216473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3216473                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3216473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3216473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      3216473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3216473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128402                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       128402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       128402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       128402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160823.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 160823.650000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160823.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 160823.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 160823.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 160823.650000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2315914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2315914                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2315914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2315914                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst      2315914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2315914                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165422.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165422.428571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 165422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 165422.428571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              117716140                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  772                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             152482.046632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   167.365115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    88.634885                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.653770                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.346230                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        88563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88563                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        74357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74357                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       162920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         162920                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       162920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        162920                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1784                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1835                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    212681589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212681589                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      5871663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5871663                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218553252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    218553252                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    218553252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    218553252                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        90347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90347                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        74408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74408                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          180                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       164755                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       164755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       164755                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.019746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019746                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000685                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119216.137332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119216.137332                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 115130.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115130.647059                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119102.589646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 119102.589646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 119102.589646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 119102.589646                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1319                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          516                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50342130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50342130                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50342130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50342130                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data     50342130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50342130                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005711                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97562.267442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97562.267442                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97562.267442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97562.267442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 97562.267442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97562.267442                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              495.839393                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              746972989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1505993.929435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    13.839393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.022179                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794614                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        128377                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         128377                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       128377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        128377                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           20                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           20                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           20                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3085902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      3085902                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3085902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      3085902                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      3085902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      3085902                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       128397                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       128397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       128397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       128397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000156                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154295.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 154295.100000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154295.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 154295.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 154295.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 154295.100000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2192609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2192609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2192609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      2192609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst      2192609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      2192609                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156614.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156614.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156614.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156614.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 156614.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 156614.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  515                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              117716471                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  771                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             152680.247730                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   168.128658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data    87.871342                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.656753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.343247                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        88735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         88735                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        74514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        74514                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       163249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         163249                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       163249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        163249                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1806                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           51                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1857                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1857                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    215009507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    215009507                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      8457912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      8457912                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    223467419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    223467419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    223467419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    223467419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        90541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        90541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        74565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        74565                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          182                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          170                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       165106                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       165106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       165106                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.019947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.019947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000684                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011247                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011247                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 119052.883167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 119052.883167                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 165841.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 165841.411765                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120337.866990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 120337.866990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 120337.866990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 120337.866990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             186                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1292                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           50                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1342                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50337969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50337969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       157259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       157259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50495228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495228                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     50495228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50495228                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005677                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003119                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 97933.791829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97933.791829                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       157259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       157259                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98048.986408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98048.986408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 98048.986408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98048.986408                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              467.234612                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              749857048                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  478                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1568738.594142                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    12.234612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.019607                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.748773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         130573                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        130573                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           29                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4632836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      4632836                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4632836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total      4632836                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      4632836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total      4632836                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130602                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       130602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       130602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159752.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 159752.965517                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159752.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 159752.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 159752.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 159752.965517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           23                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3703771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3703771                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3703771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      3703771                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      3703771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      3703771                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161033.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161033.521739                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161033.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161033.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 161033.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 161033.521739                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  346                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              108862354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  602                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             180834.475083                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   116.970194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   139.029806                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.456915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.543085                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       103276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        103276                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        75742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        75742                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         179018                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       179018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        179018                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          874                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           12                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total          886                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total          886                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     89114823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     89114823                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      1177280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1177280                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90292103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     90292103                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     90292103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     90292103                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       104150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       104150                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        75754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        75754                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          190                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       179904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       179904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       179904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       179904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.008392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.008392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000158                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.004925                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101962.040046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101962.040046                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 98106.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98106.666667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101909.822799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101909.822799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 101909.822799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101909.822799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total              78                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          531                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          540                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32397534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     32397534                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       226959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       226959                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32624493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     32624493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     32624493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     32624493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003293                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000040                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001923                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94453.451895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94453.451895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data        75653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        75653                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94290.442197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94290.442197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 94290.442197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94290.442197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
