
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 391001                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   515637                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39751                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67769468                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33368.25                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13047019039                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17205898266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        54272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        79616                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        19072                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        29312                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               572416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         1792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           52224                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       169344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            169344                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1323                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     40530522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1351017                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     22098785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               431553561                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      1351017                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           39372507                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         127671145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              127671145                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         127671145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data     40916527                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     60023773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2412531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     40530522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data     21809281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     14378685                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      1351017                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     22098785                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              559224706                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         244306                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       199813                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25566                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99723                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          93838                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24822                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1179                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2345300                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1368179                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            244306                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches       118660                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              284237                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         70897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       121727                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.MiscStallCycles           97                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          145057                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25421                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.601104                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.941264                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2512174     89.84%     89.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1          13218      0.47%     90.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          20540      0.73%     91.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3          27792      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          29151      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          24747      0.88%     93.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6          13233      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          20924      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         134632      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2796411                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.076806                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.430132                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2321154                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       146496                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          283550                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          400                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        40102                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          209                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1677301                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2327912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles         18883                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles       112583                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          277220                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        15003                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1675662                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         2130                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         6496                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      2338930                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7791346                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7791346                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1994508                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         344396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          405                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          206                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           46455                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       157785                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores        84132                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads          938                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores        22363                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1672233                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          407                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1577030                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          470                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       204596                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       497236                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           10                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.257181                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2127689     76.09%     76.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       276535      9.89%     85.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       139487      4.99%     90.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104117      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81499      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33382      1.19%     98.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21191      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        10970      0.39%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1541      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2796411                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           333     12.02%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead          996     35.94%     47.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1442     52.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1326711     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23486      1.49%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          196      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       142957      9.06%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        83680      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1577030                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.495791                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2771                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001757                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5953712                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1877247                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1551279                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1579801                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3118                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28163                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           12                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1640                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        44805                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles         15246                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1564                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1672647                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            9                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       157785                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84132                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          209                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1341                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           12                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13991                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14855                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        28846                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1553649                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       134298                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23381                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             217957                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         220115                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores            83659                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.488441                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1551357                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1551279                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          891528                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         2401888                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.487696                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.371178                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1162533                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1430508                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       242164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          397                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        25663                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519881                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362613                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2162419     78.59%     78.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       293143     10.65%     89.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       109665      3.99%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52260      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45499      1.65%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25548      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21529      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9999      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31544      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2751606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1162533                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1430508                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               212114                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              129622                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars               198                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           206256                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1288889                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        29457                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        31544                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4392721                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3390166                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 37404                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                384424                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1430508                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1162533                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.736124                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.736124                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.365480                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.365480                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        6991230                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       2162905                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1553923                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          396                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         221539                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196238                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19168                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141973                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137625                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13647                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          633                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2299592                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1257766                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            221539                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       151272                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              278360                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         62785                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles        82495                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles            1                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           48                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          140538                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18613                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2703992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524369                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2425632     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          41214      1.52%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          21656      0.80%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          40534      1.50%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          13283      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          37436      1.38%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6           5962      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          10522      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         107753      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2703992                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.069648                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.395420                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2266767                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       116182                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          277627                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          337                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        21893                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          423                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1412932                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1764                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2270795                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles         80217                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles        24040                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          273856                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles        12005                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1410068                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         9709                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      1855168                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      6399081                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399081                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      1476563                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         378582                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          201                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           25752                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       248656                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        42566                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads          343                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores         9383                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400703                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1300836                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1448                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269341                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572465                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2703992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481080                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2134994     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183062      6.77%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185351      6.85%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108297      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58607      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15451      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17464      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          414      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          352      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2703992                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2364     57.71%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.54%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023201     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10503      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225117     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41920      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1300836                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.408961                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003149                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5311207                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265604                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304932                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1056                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53466                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        43073                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles         65212                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400913                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248656                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42566                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          533                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           23                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11378                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8866                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        20244                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282172                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221367                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18663                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             263261                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         194244                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            41894                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.403093                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1266175                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1265604                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          765086                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         1691743                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.397884                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.452247                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999142                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128607                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272370                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        18852                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2660919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424142                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289370                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2238814     84.14%     84.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166940      6.27%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106419      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33189      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55103      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11264      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7263      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35463      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2660919                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts       999142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1128607                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               236024                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              195190                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           173151                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts          987167                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        14508                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        35463                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4026420                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           2845072                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 52426                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                476843                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts            999142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1128607                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total       999142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     3.183567                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               3.183567                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.314113                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.314113                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        5948630                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       1655320                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1488886                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         212178                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191017                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13123                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101417                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74234                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11563                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          606                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2246001                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1332288                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            212178                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches        85797                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              262776                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         41689                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       340226                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          130683                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12991                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2877246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.543875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.844232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2614470     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1           9217      0.32%     91.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          18946      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3           8011      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          43019      1.50%     93.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          38796      1.35%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6           7470      0.26%     95.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          15691      0.55%     95.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         121626      4.23%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2877246                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.066705                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.418849                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2223358                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       363340                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          261606                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          914                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        18793                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1561461                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2226823                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles        316114                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles        36608                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          259310                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles        10363                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1559310                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents         4962                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         3623                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.FullRegisterEvents          130                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      1837373                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      7339410                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      7339410                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      1590440                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         246933                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          195                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          106                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26254                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       365639                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores       183693                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1816                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores         8971                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1553915                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          199                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1482226                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1217                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       346265                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           18                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2877246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.515154                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.303646                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2343177     81.44%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164366      5.71%     87.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132101      4.59%     91.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56709      1.97%     93.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70639      2.46%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67241      2.34%     98.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38105      1.32%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3124      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1784      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2877246                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3668     11.18%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28321     86.32%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       932362     62.90%     62.90% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12859      0.87%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.77% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354090     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182828     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1482226                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.465986                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32811                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022136                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5875726                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1696687                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1467567                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1515037                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2644                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18300                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2101                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        28019                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles        308303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1554122                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365639                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183693                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          109                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1711                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6954                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8014                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        14968                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1470476                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352746                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11750                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             535531                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         192424                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores           182785                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.462292                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1467675                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1467567                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          793900                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         1569383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.461378                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.505868                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1181692                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1388513                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       165715                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        13174                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2849227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.487330                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302455                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2342527     82.22%     82.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187012      6.56%     88.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87336      3.07%     91.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85194      2.99%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23197      0.81%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97641      3.43%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7447      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5412      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13461      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2849227                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1181692                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1388513                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               528931                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              347339                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           183353                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1234646                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        13415                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        13461                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4389981                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3136485                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 49937                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                303589                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1388513                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1181692                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.691763                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.691763                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.371504                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.371504                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7263817                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       1708267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1851657                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         275772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29338                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2396931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1514487                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            275772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       127985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              314691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         75464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       198289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          150342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2963983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2649292     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          19013      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          24104      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          38461      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          15818      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          20703      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          23988      0.81%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          11196      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         161408      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2963983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2388379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       214184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          313075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        41617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1850376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2391341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       199357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          310242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1837905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2567992                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8544259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8544259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2116608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         451372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       173894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        88884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        20033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1792410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1707937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2963983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2241109     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328832     11.09%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134758      4.55%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76365      2.58%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101827      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32384      1.09%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31002      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16394      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2963983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11818     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     10.99%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1439219     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23118      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156976      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88414      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1707937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6397003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2030792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1722935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1792851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        30624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1677392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             242528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         236567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            88377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.527343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1661870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1661832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          995987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2677280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1231170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1516880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        26850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2273215     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325966     11.18%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118309      4.06%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58676      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53831      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22679      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22451      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10629      0.36%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30055      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1231170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1516880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               224815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              137508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           219843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1365675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        31293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4678609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3633922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 38276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                216852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1231170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1516880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1231170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.583587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.583587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.387059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.387059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7545089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2324750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1709294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         223248                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197671                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19288                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138451                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13832                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2315016                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1266884                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            223248                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       152283                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              280425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         63032                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles        79915                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          141463                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18732                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525715                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2438554     89.69%     89.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          41243      1.52%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          21955      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          40707      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          13625      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          37581      1.38%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6           6090      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          10602      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         108622      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2718979                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.070185                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.398287                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2281826                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       113911                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          279696                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        22163                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          426                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1424526                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1763                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2285840                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles         76257                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles        25713                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          275939                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles        12027                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1421677                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents           14                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents         1217                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         9781                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      1871558                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      6453956                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      6453956                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      1491834                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         379720                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           25798                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       249635                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        43184                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads          364                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores         9545                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1412377                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1312261                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1453                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       270026                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       574489                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482630                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.101011                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144748     78.88%     78.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       185076      6.81%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186973      6.88%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109258      4.02%     96.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58842      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15528      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17780      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718979                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2372     57.53%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.53%     81.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          781     18.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1032692     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10690      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       226236     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42547      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1312261                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.412552                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4123                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5349077                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1682631                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1276935                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1316384                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1084                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53434                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            4                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1721                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        43197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles         61266                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1307                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1412588                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249635                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43184                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          549                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11524                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8873                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        20397                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1293590                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222445                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18671                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             264967                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         195871                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            42522                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.406683                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1277488                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1276935                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          771688                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         1710986                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.401446                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.451019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1007990                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1139589                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       273074                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        18969                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425890                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291047                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249201     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168693      6.30%     90.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107788      4.03%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33632      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55455      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11412      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7362      0.28%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6540      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35699      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2675782                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1007990                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1139589                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               237664                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              196201                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           174760                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts          997033                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        14735                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        35699                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4052733                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           2868561                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 52643                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                461856                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1139589                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1007990                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     3.155622                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               3.155622                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.316895                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.316895                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        6000245                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       1670981                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1499371                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         175219                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142805                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71371                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66476                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17362                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          821                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1696499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1036015                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            175219                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches        83838                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              212309                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         58763                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles       220864                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.MiscStallCycles          158                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           12                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          106054                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18615                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2169197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.580708                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926001                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        1956888     90.21%     90.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          11139      0.51%     90.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          17726      0.82%     91.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          26510      1.22%     92.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          11279      0.52%     93.29% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          13351      0.62%     93.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6          13544      0.62%     94.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7           9667      0.45%     94.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         109093      5.03%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2169197                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.055086                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.325705                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        1673595                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       244659                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          210558                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles         1377                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        39005                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        28411                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          352                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1255291                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1352                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        39005                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        1678156                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         92689                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles       137749                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          207473                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        14122                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1251948                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents          729                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         2742                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         7243                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1005                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1711499                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      5835245                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      5835245                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1405496                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         306003                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          319                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          189                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           40566                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       127578                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        70246                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores        14357                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1247618                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          322                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1161819                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2003                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194131                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       456401                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           60                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2169197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.535599                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.223061                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1672717     77.11%     77.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202209      9.32%     86.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111352      5.13%     91.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73015      3.37%     94.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66503      3.07%     98.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20256      0.93%     98.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14754      0.68%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5083      0.23%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3308      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2169197                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           307     10.78%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1239     43.52%     54.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1301     45.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       956238     82.31%     82.31% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21284      1.83%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115516      9.94%     94.09% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68653      5.91%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1161819                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.365256                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2847                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002450                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4497685                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1442144                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1140047                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1164666                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5540                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27827                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           76                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4980                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          912                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        39005                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         73903                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1838                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1247945                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           64                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       127578                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70246                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          191                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1031                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           64                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           76                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        10042                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11652                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        21694                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1144594                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109346                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17225                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             177882                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         155458                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            68536                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.359841                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1140190                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1140047                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          674129                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1710526                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.358411                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.394106                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts       842604                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1027433                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       221246                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          262                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        19000                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2130192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.482319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.326451                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1713580     80.44%     80.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198780      9.33%     89.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82277      3.86%     93.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        41961      1.97%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31353      1.47%     97.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        17932      0.84%     97.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11111      0.52%     98.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9106      0.43%     98.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        24092      1.13%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2130192                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts       842604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1027433                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               165017                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads               99751                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           142885                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          928643                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        20019                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        24092                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            3354766                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2536377                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 30889                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles               1011638                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts            842604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1027433                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total       842604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.775006                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.775006                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.264900                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.264900                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5194457                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1557034                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1189929                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          262                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         212878                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191619                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13263                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       103923                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74362                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11695                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          619                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2254510                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1336911                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            212878                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches        86057                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              263688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         42129                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles       312411                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          131247                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13136                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2859155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.549335                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.852835                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2595467     90.78%     90.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1           9166      0.32%     91.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          19168      0.67%     91.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3           8101      0.28%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          42897      1.50%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          38905      1.36%     94.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           7537      0.26%     95.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          15819      0.55%     95.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         122095      4.27%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2859155                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.066925                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.420302                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2233067                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       334303                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          262582                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          872                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        28322                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        18902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          226                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1567232                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1357                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        28322                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2236486                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles        294175                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        30083                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          260318                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles         9762                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1565161                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents            5                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         4308                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         3600                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.FullRegisterEvents          165                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1845841                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      7366339                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      7366339                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1595491                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         250350                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          191                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          101                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25248                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       366158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores       184029                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1701                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         8927                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1560137                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          193                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1487662                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1328                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144271                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       350515                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           12                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2859155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.520315                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.309538                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2323711     81.27%     81.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       164248      5.74%     87.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132543      4.64%     91.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56889      1.99%     93.64% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71088      2.49%     96.13% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67525      2.36%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38213      1.34%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3098      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1840      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2859155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3633     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28394     86.42%     97.47% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          830      2.53%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       937064     62.99%     62.99% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12921      0.87%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354482     23.83%     87.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       183107     12.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1487662                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.467695                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32857                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022086                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5868664                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1704665                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1472693                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1520519                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2532                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18478                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           14                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2214                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          133                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        28322                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles        287238                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2693                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1560336                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           30                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       184029                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          103                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1678                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            7                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         7019                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8100                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        15119                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1475616                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       353053                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        12046                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             536111                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         193099                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores           183058                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.463908                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1472794                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1472693                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          796771                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1576300                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.462989                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.505469                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1184643                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1392178                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       168257                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        13311                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2830833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.491791                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.307239                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2322709     82.05%     82.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187607      6.63%     88.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87371      3.09%     91.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85555      3.02%     94.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23375      0.83%     95.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97877      3.46%     99.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7491      0.26%     99.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5451      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13397      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2830833                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1184643                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1392178                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               529495                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              347680                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           183902                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts         1237931                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        13491                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        13397                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4377858                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           3149204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 50094                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                321680                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1184643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1392178                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1184643                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     2.685058                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               2.685058                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.372431                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.372431                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        7286451                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1715371                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1856756                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         275903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26841                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2397824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1515373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            275903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       128030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              314857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         75498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       194771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          150391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2960044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2645187     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          19019      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          24115      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          38474      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          15815      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20719      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          23999      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11198      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         161518      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2960044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2387764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       210681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          313230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        41631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1851382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2390735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       195836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          310383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1838858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2569328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8548721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8548721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2117553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         451775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       173960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        88916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1793209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1708682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2960044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2236857     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328960     11.11%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134822      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76396      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101872      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32434      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31001      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16390      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2960044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11814     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1439863     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23130      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157033      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88446      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1708682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.537181                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6394551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2031711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1723676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1793650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        30636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1678125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             242615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         236675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            88409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.527574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1662599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1662561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          996421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2678502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1231715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1517543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        26860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2911848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2268965     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326111     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118367      4.07%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58704      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53851      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22685      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22463      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10637      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30065      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2911848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1231715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1517543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               224898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              137559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           219943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1366265                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        31305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4675440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3635542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 38285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                220787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1517543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.582441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.582441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7548356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2325780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1710245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197612                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138456                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2313438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1265629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       152260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              280421                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        80642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          141443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2437716     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          41467      1.53%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21981      0.81%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          40775      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13538      0.50%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37572      1.38%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6091      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10466      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         108531      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2718137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2280451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       114439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          279689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        22170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1422908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2284463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         76121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        26466                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          275922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        11952                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1419981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         9648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1869354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6445311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6445311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1489558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         379796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           25588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       249230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        43094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310570                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144631     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184864      6.80%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186618      6.87%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109309      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58661      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15588      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17674      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          371      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2395     57.82%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          971     23.44%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031644     78.72%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10635      0.81%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225732     17.22%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42463      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310570                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.412021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4142                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5344859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1275285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         61082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1318                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291783                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             264532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         195759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            42436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.406114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1275854                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1275285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          770899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1708084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.400928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.451324                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249037     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168456      6.30%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107604      4.02%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33482      1.25%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55432      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11379      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7306      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6505      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35729      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1006659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1137936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               237405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              196043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           174542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          995530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        35729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4049925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2864712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 52593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                462698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1006659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1137936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1006659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.159794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.159794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.316476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.316476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5991994                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1668920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1497875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         221821                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196514                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19199                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137802                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13667                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          630                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302780                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1259093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            221821                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches       151469                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              278688                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         62890                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles        92452                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          140727                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18637                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.522438                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.772467                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        2438802     89.74%     89.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          41228      1.52%     91.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          21652      0.80%     92.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          40579      1.49%     93.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          13352      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          37473      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6           6012      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7          10529      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         107863      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2717490                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.069737                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.395837                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        2269710                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       126338                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          277954                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        21910                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1414752                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        2273743                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         88703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles        25689                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          274175                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        12028                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1411823                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         1279                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         9738                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1857547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      6407469                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      6407469                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1478418                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         379129                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           25763                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       248925                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        42636                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores         9404                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402529                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302496                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1450                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269803                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573742                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479301                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.097925                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2147693     79.03%     79.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183572      6.76%     85.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185302      6.82%     92.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108518      3.99%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58680      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15434      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17520      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          412      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2717490                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2365     57.74%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead          963     23.51%     81.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024552     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10507      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225351     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41991      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302496                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.409482                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4096                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003145                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5328028                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672560                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267186                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306592                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53605                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        43146                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         73609                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402742                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248925                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42636                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11418                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8856                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        20274                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283838                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             263569                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         194466                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            41965                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.403617                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1267744                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1267186                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          765959                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1694473                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.398382                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.452034                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000206                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129928                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272889                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422507                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287104                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2251586     84.19%     84.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167405      6.26%     90.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106424      3.98%     94.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33314      1.25%     95.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55116      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11231      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6476      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35515      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674344                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts      1000206                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1129928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               236221                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads              195320                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           173356                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          988337                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        14531                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        35515                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            4041633                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2848814                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 52447                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles                463345                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts           1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1129928                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total      1000206                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.180180                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.180180                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.314448                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.314448                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5956183                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1657480                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1490399                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         211867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2242611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1330693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            211867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        85542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              262335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         41849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       324800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2595804     90.82%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18802      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7966      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          42969      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          38757      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7501      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15695      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         121487      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2858139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2221743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       346146                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          261146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1559570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2225145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        39961                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          258925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1557348                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1834374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7330257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7330257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1586283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         248086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       365707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       183563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552028                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1479798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325451     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163476      5.72%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131905      4.62%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56429      1.97%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70830      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67081      2.35%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38074      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3088      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1805      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3633     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28281     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       930212     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12807      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354006     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182686     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1479798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022122                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5851738                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        289094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1552238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1467997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             535225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         192029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           182643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461513                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1465137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1465027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          792464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1565388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.460579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1179277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2829970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2324466     82.14%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186276      6.58%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87209      3.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85008      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23279      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97652      3.45%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7416      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5404      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13260      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2829970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1179277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1385498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               528480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              347060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1231919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13260                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4369047                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3132886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 49861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                322696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1385498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.697276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.697276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.370744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.370744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7252530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1704653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1849767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         221536                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196274                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19156                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13640                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          625                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2300504                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1257639                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            221536                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       151329                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              278363                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         62765                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles        80174                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          140569                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524676                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775880                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2424166     89.70%     89.70% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          41197      1.52%     91.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          21609      0.80%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          40551      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          13317      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          37459      1.39%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6           6001      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          10518      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         107711      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2702529                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.069647                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.395380                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2267418                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       114073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          277628                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          340                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        21865                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1412992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2271448                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles         79456                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles        22663                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          273857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles        12035                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1410077                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         9737                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      1855035                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      6399341                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      6399341                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      1476718                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         378312                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           25770                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       248765                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        42573                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads          357                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores         9389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400826                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1301013                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1446                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269323                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572667                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481406                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099781                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2133352     78.94%     78.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183324      6.78%     85.72% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185175      6.85%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108416      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58596      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15417      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17480      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          359      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2702529                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2357     57.64%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead          964     23.58%     81.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.78%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1023277     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10493      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225223     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41925      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1301013                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.409016                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4089                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003143                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5310090                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1670377                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265752                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1305102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1073                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53564                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        43064                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles         64355                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1296                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1401039                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248765                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42573                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          541                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           25                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11398                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8828                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        20226                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1282404                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221477                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18609                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             263375                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         194246                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            41898                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.403166                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1266312                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1265752                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          765134                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         1692085                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.397931                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.452184                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999231                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128712                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272397                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        18839                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424413                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289753                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2237208     84.12%     84.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167178      6.29%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106301      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33278      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55065      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11216      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7265      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6464      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35490      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2659465                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts       999231                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1128712                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               236036                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              195198                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           173169                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts          987257                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        14509                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        35490                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4025071                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           2845321                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 52389                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                478306                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts            999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1128712                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total       999231                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     3.183283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               3.183283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.314141                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.314141                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        5949738                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       1655462                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1488790                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         245492                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       200771                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        25654                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        99982                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits          94248                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          24926                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1182                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2356027                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1375136                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            245492                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       119174                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              285602                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         71141                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles       126038                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles           24                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          145714                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25521                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.600513                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.940420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2527253     89.85%     89.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          13278      0.47%     90.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          20643      0.73%     91.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          27873      0.99%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          29278      1.04%     93.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          24890      0.88%     93.97% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6          13342      0.47%     94.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          21026      0.75%     95.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         135272      4.81%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2812855                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.077178                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.432319                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2331604                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       150982                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          284901                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          408                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        40309                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          210                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1685489                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1268                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2338428                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         20170                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles       115638                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          278513                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        15147                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1683809                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         2148                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         6567                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      2350608                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      7829040                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      7829040                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      2004608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         346000                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          408                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          208                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           46942                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       158437                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        84525                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          931                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores        22555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1680340                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          410                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1584850                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued          336                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       205260                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       498584                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.563431                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.256754                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140859     76.11%     76.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       277887      9.88%     85.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       140165      4.98%     90.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       104574      3.72%     94.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        81911      2.91%     97.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        33579      1.19%     98.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        21299      0.76%     99.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        11070      0.39%     99.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1511      0.05%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2812855                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           335     11.96%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1014     36.19%     48.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1453     51.86%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1333259     84.13%     84.13% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23599      1.49%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.61% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          197      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       143685      9.07%     94.69% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        84110      5.31%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1584850                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.498250                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2802                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.001768                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5985693                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1886024                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1559092                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1587652                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3208                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        28172                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           15                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1623                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        44954                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         16488                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1575                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1680757                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts            5                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       158437                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        84525                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          210                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1351                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           15                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        14008                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14931                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        28939                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1561467                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       135013                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23383                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   7                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             219104                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         221240                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            84091                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.490898                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1559172                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1559092                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          895832                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         2413082                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.490152                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.371240                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1168444                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1437708                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       243063                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          401                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        25754                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.519422                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.362131                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2175728     78.61%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       294664     10.65%     89.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       110200      3.98%     93.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        52487      1.90%     95.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        45812      1.66%     96.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        25643      0.93%     97.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        21591      0.78%     98.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10034      0.36%     98.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        31742      1.15%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2767901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts      1168444                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1437708                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               213167                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              130265                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars               200                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           207263                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts         1295395                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        29599                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        31742                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4416917                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           3406507                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 37539                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                367980                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts           1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1437708                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total      1168444                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     2.722283                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               2.722283                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.367339                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.367339                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        7026594                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       2173730                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1561889                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          400                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         276279                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230232                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26880                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108796                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98822                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29366                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2400999                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1517592                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            276279                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       128188                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              315302                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         75602                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles       192314                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5662                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          150587                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2962848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630055                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2647546     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          19045      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          24144      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          38524      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          15841      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          20744      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6          24029      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          11206      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         161769      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2962848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.086857                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.477105                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2392519                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       208234                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          313661                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        48261                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        41681                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1854006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        48261                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2395494                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles          7709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles       193379                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          310809                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles         7191                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1841429                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         4952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      2572924                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      8560689                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      8560689                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      2120540                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         452384                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           26309                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       174194                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        89039                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores        20081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1795712                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1711100                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238339                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503644                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2962848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301731                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2238682     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329395     11.12%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135000      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76494      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102023      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32437      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31088      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16414      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1315      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2962848                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11831     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1652     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1533     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1441894     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23178      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157249      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88569      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1711100                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.537941                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15016                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008776                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6402213                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2034511                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1664901                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1726116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36440                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        48261                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1796153                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174194                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89039                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15287                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15396                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        30683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1680482                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154418                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30618                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             242950                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         236993                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            88532                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.528315                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1664939                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1664901                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          997837                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         2682290                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.523416                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.372009                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1233446                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1519684                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276489                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        26899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2914587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521406                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339193                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2270837     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326540     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118521      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58771      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53927      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22729      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22505      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10650      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30107      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2914587                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1233446                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1519684                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               225216                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              137754                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           220241                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts         1368195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        31347                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        30107                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4680640                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           3640613                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 38328                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                217987                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1233446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1519684                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1233446                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     2.578820                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               2.578820                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.387774                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.387774                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        7559002                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       2329069                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1712734                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  0                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         231450                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       189809                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        24430                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        94899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          88448                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          23179                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1069                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2204417                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1319758                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            231450                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches       111627                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              288686                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         70687                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       214840                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          137494                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        24166                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2753732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.586046                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.926218                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2465046     89.52%     89.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1          30794      1.12%     90.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          35985      1.31%     91.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3          19430      0.71%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          22139      0.80%     93.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          12952      0.47%     93.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           8649      0.31%     94.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          22345      0.81%     95.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         136392      4.95%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2753732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.072764                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.414909                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2185441                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       234499                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          286021                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles         2353                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        37401                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          380                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1608492                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         2127                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2189487                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles         61164                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles       162729                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          284312                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles        10623                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1606146                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents            3                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         2447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         5053                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents           45                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      2232643                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7473215                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7473215                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1868390                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         364243                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          407                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          225                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           30758                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       154227                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores        82697                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1950                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores        17136                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1601464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          409                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1500692                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2341                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       222799                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       525149                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           41                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2753732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.544967                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.239617                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2122264     77.07%     77.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       253562      9.21%     86.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       136654      4.96%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        94467      3.43%     94.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        82307      2.99%     97.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        42307      1.54%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        10543      0.38%     99.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         6624      0.24%     99.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         5004      0.18%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2753732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           425     12.41%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     12.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1512     44.16%     56.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1487     43.43%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1256436     83.72%     83.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23473      1.56%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.29% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          182      0.01%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       138727      9.24%     94.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        81874      5.46%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1500692                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.471792                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt              3424                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002282                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5760881                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1824707                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1473772                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1504116                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         3625                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        30446                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           11                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           35                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2476                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads           92                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           81                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        45409                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles         55410                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1680                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1601877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          324                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       154227                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        82697                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          225                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1214                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           35                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        13458                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        14225                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        27683                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1477193                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       130109                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        23499                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             211948                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         205928                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores            81839                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.464404                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1473868                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1473772                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          876510                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         2294997                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.463329                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.381922                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1097305                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1346032                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       255895                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          368                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        24415                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2708323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.496998                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.312136                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2158071     79.68%     79.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       255402      9.43%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107342      3.96%     93.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        63812      2.36%     95.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        44096      1.63%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        28733      1.06%     98.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        15298      0.56%     98.69% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        11879      0.44%     99.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23690      0.87%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2708323                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1097305                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1346032                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               203999                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              123778                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars               184                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           192486                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1213633                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        27378                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        23690                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4286560                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3249278                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 36032                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                427103                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1097305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1346032                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1097305                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.898770                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.898770                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.344974                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.344974                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        6661203                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       2047575                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1500666                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          368                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381489                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381489                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283224                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381489                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283224                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772605.678414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906257.802372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772605.678414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906257.802372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772605.678414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906257.802372                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.542110                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         133560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        60.162162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.402920                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.072843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data    77.461290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1926.605056                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.007848                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.037823                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.940725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999776                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          355                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   356                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    359                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          358                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   359                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      182021571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     51844565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    130177006                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     182021571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               531                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                534                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               534                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.329567                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.327715                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.327715                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1994021.730769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 873671.181208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1040123.262857                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     49560527                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    117089178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    166649705                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.295635                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.329567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.293886                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.327715                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1906174.115385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 785833.409396                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 952284.028571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.365847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.459256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   118.895934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1883.686509                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.007548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.058055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.919769                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     260961614                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      260961614                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61018494                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    199943120                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     260961614                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2346865.153846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 888636.088889                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1039687.705179                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     58735694                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    180188120                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    238923814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2259065.153846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 800836.088889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 951887.705179                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          451                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.578197                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         127562                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2499                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        51.045218                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530694                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    25.508969                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   211.676306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1804.862228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002701                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.012456                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.103358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.881280                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   479                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    481                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          480                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   481                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 450                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  451                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 451                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68565906                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    424428532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     492994438                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68565906                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427482153                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      496048059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68565906                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    427482153                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     496048059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               929                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                932                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               932                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.484392                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.483906                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.483906                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2539478                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1003377.144208                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1095543.195556                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      3053621                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2539478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008212.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1099884.831486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2539478                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1008212.625000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1099884.831486                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      94                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             451                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            451                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66195306                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    387284071                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453479377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66195306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390249892                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456445198                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     66195306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    390249892                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456445198                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469478                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484392                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.469027                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483906                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2451678                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 915565.179669                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1007731.948889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2965821                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2451678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920400.688679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012073.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst      2451678                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 920400.688679                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1012073.609756                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.257677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.048191                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    53.411571                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1934.381245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.944522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105017114                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96117645                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     201134759                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105017114                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96117645                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      201134759                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105017114                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96117645                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     201134759                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3889522.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980792.295918                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1609078.072000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3889522.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980792.295918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1609078.072000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3889522.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980792.295918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1609078.072000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102646514                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87509571                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190156085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102646514                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87509571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190156085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102646514                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87509571                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190156085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3801722.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892954.806122                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521248.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3801722.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892954.806122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521248.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3801722.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892954.806122                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521248.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.372792                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                          78429                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        34.099565                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.513853                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   119.636112                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1882.898391                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.007575                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.058416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.919384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          418                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    422                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          421                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   422                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      243616930                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51417183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    192199747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     243616930                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                675                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               675                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376488                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1977583.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 846694.920705                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 962912.766798                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     49134383                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    172269147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221403530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.351938                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376488                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.350309                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1889783.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 758894.920705                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 875112.766798                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          652                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2043.340167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          96467                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2693                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        35.821389                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks         128.008939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    24.040469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   263.122047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1628.168712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.062504                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.011739                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.128478                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.795004                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.997725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          394                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   395                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks            453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                 453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    397                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          396                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   397                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_misses::total                67                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  648                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 648                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63847085                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    578979200                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     642826285                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62289397                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     62289397                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63847085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    641268597                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      705115682                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63847085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    641268597                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     705115682                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          949                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               976                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total             453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total              69                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total               1045                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data         1018                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total              1045                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.584826                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.595287                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971014                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.611002                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.620096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.611002                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.620096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2455657.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1043205.765766                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1106413.571429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 929692.492537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 929692.492537                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2455657.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1030978.451768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1088141.484568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2455657.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 1030978.451768                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1088141.484568                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                     350                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          555                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            581                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           67                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61563593                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    530240847                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    591804440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     56405798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56405798                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61563593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    586646645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    648210238                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     61563593                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    586646645                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    648210238                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.584826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.595287                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.611002                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620096                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.611002                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.620096                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367830.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 955388.913514                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1018596.282272                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 841877.582090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 841877.582090                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367830.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 943161.808682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000324.441358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2367830.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 943161.808682                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1000324.441358                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          445                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.511595                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                         127559                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2493                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        51.166867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.464997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    23.788728                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   210.996398                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1807.261471                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.011616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.103026                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.882452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999762                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 444                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  445                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 445                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65194991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    407465279                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     472660270                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2114159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2114159                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65194991                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    409579438                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      474774429                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65194991                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    409579438                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     474774429                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          894                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               920                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               4                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                924                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               924                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.468680                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.482609                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.250000                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.481602                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.481602                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607799.640000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 972470.832936                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1064550.157658                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2114159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2114159                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607799.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 975189.138095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1066908.829213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2607799.640000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 975189.138095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1066908.829213                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            444                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            445                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62999991                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    370668811                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    433668802                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2026359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2026359                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62999991                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    372695170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    435695161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     62999991                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    372695170                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    435695161                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.468680                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.250000                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481602                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.481602                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519999.640000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 884651.100239                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 976731.536036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2026359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2026359                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519999.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 887369.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979090.249438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2519999.640000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 887369.452381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 979090.249438                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.258772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.417889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.027530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    53.367340                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1934.446012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.026058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.944554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210850065                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001656                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      210850065                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111848409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001656                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     210850065                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010220.979592                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1686800.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010220.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1686800.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4142533.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010220.979592                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1686800.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90396946                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199874755                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90396946                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199874755                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109477809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90396946                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199874755                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922417.816327                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598998.040000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922417.816327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598998.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054733.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922417.816327                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598998.040000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.381235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.333473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.466724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   118.454271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1884.126767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.057839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.919984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245325232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      245325232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     245325232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234412                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161469                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234412                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234412                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161469                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761041.831111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889089.517928                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761041.831111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889089.517928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761041.831111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889089.517928                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324146                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.469738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   119.221012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1883.352149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014318                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.058213                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.919606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      254177806                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     57795938                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    196381868                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     254177806                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2222920.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 865118.361233                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1004655.359684                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     55513138                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    176451268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    231964406                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2135120.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 777318.361233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 916855.359684                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          447                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.583480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        51.126253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.534264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.468916                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   210.868864                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1805.711436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.102963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.881695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 447                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69033478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    413082593                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     482116071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69033478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415496503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      484529981                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69033478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415496503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     484529981                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2556795.481481                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 985877.310263                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080977.737668                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2556795.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989277.388095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1083959.689038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2556795.481481                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989277.388095                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1083959.689038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66662316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    376284068                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442946384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66662316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378610178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445272494                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66662316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378610178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445272494                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2468974.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 898052.668258                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993153.327354                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2468974.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901452.804762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996135.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2468974.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901452.804762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996135.333333                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          251                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.366560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        34.113528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324688                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.468082                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   119.231393                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1883.342397                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.007553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.058218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.919601                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 252                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 252                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595191                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     254899208                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595191                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      254899208                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55304017                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    199595191                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     254899208                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               669                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.376682                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375000                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375000                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.561947                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.793651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.561947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2127077.576923                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 883164.561947                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1011504.793651                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             252                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          226                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            252                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771737                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     53021217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    179750520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    232771737                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.352025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.376682                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.350388                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375000                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.283186                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.369048                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.369048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2039277.576923                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 795356.283186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 923697.369048                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          174                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.538253                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                         133565                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2220                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        60.164414                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          27.397974                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.100882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data    77.650794                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1926.388602                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.013378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.037915                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.940619                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999775                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   361                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks            119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                 119                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    364                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          363                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   364                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 175                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  175                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 175                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      158817269                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38520693                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    120296576                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     158817269                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               536                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total             119                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                539                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               539                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.326493                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.324675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.324675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1481565.115385                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 807359.570470                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 907527.251429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      68                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          149                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     36237314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    107213024                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    143450338                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.292731                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.326493                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.291016                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.324675                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1393742.846154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 719550.496644                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 819716.217143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.257505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.417290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    19.047035                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data    53.442049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1934.351131                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.009300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.026095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.944507                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111068125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     94158835                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     205226960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111068125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     94158835                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      205226960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111068125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     94158835                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     205226960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4113634.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 960804.438776                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1641815.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4113634.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 960804.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1641815.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4113634.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 960804.438776                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1641815.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108696890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     85551608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194248498                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108696890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     85551608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    194248498                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    108696890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data     85551608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    194248498                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4025810.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872975.591837                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1553987.984000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4025810.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872975.591837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1553987.984000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4025810.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 872975.591837                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1553987.984000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          243                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.315280                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         152555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2291                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        66.588826                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks          75.021214                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.817004                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   122.220554                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1836.256507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.036631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.006747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.059678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.896610                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999666                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   381                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 209                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    381                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          381                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   381                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          228                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  243                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 243                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15086543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    191922113                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     207008656                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       741328                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total       741328                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15086543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    192663441                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      207749984                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15086543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    192663441                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     207749984                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             209                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               1                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                624                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               624                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.374384                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.388443                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.389423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375410                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.389423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1077610.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841763.653509                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 855407.669421                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       741328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total       741328                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1077610.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841325.069869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 854938.205761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 1077610.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 841325.069869                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 854938.205761                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                     134                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          228                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            242                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          229                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            243                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13857343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    171897345                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    185754688                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       653528                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       653528                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13857343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172550873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186408216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     13857343                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    172550873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186408216                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.374384                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.388443                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.375410                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.389423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 989810.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753935.723684                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 767581.355372                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       653528                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       653528                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 989810.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753497.262009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       767112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 989810.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 753497.262009                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       767112                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              491.270047                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              844475784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1682222.677291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    16.270047                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.026074                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         145012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        145012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     62039908                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145056                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       145056                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       145056                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000303                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1409997.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        50858                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           17                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     52135870                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1930958.148148                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  507                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              127666680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                  763                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             167321.992136                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   156.055639                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data    99.944361                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.609592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.390408                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82090                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         180568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        180568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         1612                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    584895083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1101233                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    585996316                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100076                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82104                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          198                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       182180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       182180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.015968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000171                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008848                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 366016.948060                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78659.500000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 363521.287841                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1094                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1105                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          504                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          507                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    154568886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    154761186                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005036                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000037                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002783                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 306684.297619                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 305248.887574                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              542.461166                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              750172692                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1354102.332130                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    15.727164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst   526.734002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.025204                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.844125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140495                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         140495                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        140495                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     92178170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     92178170                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140538                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       140538                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       140538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       140538                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2143678.372093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        91494                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        91494                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst     61300349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61300349                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2270383.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              171130953                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             190145.503333                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   154.975418                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   101.024582                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.605373                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.394627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201335                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        40617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40617                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         241952                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       241952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        241952                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2237                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         2252                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         2252                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1035030842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1035030842                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data      1284672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284672                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1036315514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1036315514                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data   1036315514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1036315514                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       203572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203572                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        40632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40632                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       244204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010989                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009222                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009222                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 462687.010282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 462687.010282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 85644.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85644.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 460175.627886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1596                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data         1608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1608                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229161738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229161738                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229354038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229354038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    229354038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229354038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003149                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002637                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 357506.611544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 357506.611544                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356139.810559                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              568.505021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              868078592                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1520277.744308                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    26.455926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst   542.049095                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.042397                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.868668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911066                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130634                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         130634                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        130634                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           49                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           49                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           49                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116963023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116963023                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116963023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116963023                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    116963023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116963023                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130683                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       130683                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       130683                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387000.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2387000.469388                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387000.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2387000.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2387000.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2387000.469388                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           21                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68913706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     68913706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68913706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     68913706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     68913706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     68913706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461203.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461203.785714                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461203.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461203.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 2461203.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2461203.785714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  904                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              332250244                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                 1160                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             286422.624138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   105.792412                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   150.207588                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.413252                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.586748                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332809                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181397                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         514206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        514206                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3258                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         3266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         3266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1731527007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1731527007                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6566545                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738093552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1738093552                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data   1738093552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1738093552                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336067                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181405                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517472                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517472                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006311                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 531469.308471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 531469.308471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 820818.125000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532178.062462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 532178.062462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 532178.062462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 532178.062462                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2357                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2362                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          901                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          904                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    460372718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    460372718                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3195283                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463568001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    463568001                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    463568001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    463568001                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002681                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001747                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 510957.511654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 510957.511654                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1065094.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512796.461283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512796.461283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 512796.461283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 512796.461283                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              475.088889                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              847790869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1751634.026860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.088889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.032194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         150294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        150294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175708980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175708980                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175708980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175708980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175708980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175708980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       150338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       150338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3993385.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3993385.909091                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3993385.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3993385.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3993385.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3993385.909091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3829859                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 638309.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105386219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105386219                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105386219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105386219                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105386219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105386219                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3634007.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3634007.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3634007.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3634007.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3634007.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3634007.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              123781536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             170733.153103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   153.509683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   102.490317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.599647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.400353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       118129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         204997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        204997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    272594705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272594705                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       751077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    273345782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    273345782                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    273345782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    273345782                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       119319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        86876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 229071.180672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229071.180672                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93884.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93884.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228168.432387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228168.432387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228168.432387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228168.432387                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    120992176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120992176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121200581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121200581                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121200581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121200581                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 259639.862661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259639.862661                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69468.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69468.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 258423.413646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258423.413646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 258423.413646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258423.413646                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              542.514497                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              750173618                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1354104.003610                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    15.784534                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst   526.729963                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.025296                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.844119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869414                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141421                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         141421                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        141421                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     73781605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141463                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       141463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       141463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000297                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1756704.880952                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     51698812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1914770.814815                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  648                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              171132378                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  904                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             189305.727876                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   155.338438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   100.661562                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.606791                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.393209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        202130                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41244                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         243374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        243374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         2266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         2266                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    988937131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1185423                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    990122554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       204381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41259                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245640                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245640                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009225                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439332.354953                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79028.200000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436947.287732                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          648                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221572479                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221764779                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343523.223256                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342229.597222                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              515.651858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              849066460                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  517                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1642294.893617                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    25.651858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.041109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.826365                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        106012                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         106012                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       106012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        106012                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           41                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           41                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           41                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82942495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     82942495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82942495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     82942495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     82942495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     82942495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       106053                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       106053                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       106053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       106053                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000387                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2022987.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2022987.682927                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2022987.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2022987.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2022987.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2022987.682927                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs        76268                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64129600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     64129600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64129600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     64129600                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     64129600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     64129600                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000255                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2375170.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2375170.370370                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2375170.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2375170.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2375170.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2375170.370370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                 1018                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              141284364                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                 1274                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             110898.244898                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   194.447934                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data    61.552066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.759562                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.240438                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        80116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         80116                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        64372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64372                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         144488                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       144488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        144488                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2389                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          545                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2934                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2934                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1562028445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1562028445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    539451201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    539451201                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2101479646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2101479646                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   2101479646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2101479646                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        82505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82505                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        64917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64917                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          174                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          131                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       147422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.028956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.028956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.008395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008395                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.019902                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.019902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.019902                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 653841.961072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 653841.961072                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 989818.717431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 989818.717431                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716250.731425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 716250.731425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 716250.731425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 716250.731425                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1440                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          476                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1916                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1018                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data         1018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1018                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    610154721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    610154721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data     62975406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     62975406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    673130127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    673130127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    673130127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    673130127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011502                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.001063                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001063                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006905                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 642944.911486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 642944.911486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 912687.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 912687.043478                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 661228.022593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661228.022593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 661228.022593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 661228.022593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              566.785455                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              868079161                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  569                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1525622.427065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    24.736921                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   542.048533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.039643                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.868668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.908310                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        131203                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         131203                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       131203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        131203                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112140691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    112140691                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112140691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    112140691                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst    112140691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    112140691                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       131247                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       131247                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       131247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       131247                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000335                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2548652.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2548652.068182                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2548652.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2548652.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2548652.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2548652.068182                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65466591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65466591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65466591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65466591                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     65466591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65466591                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000198                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517945.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517945.807692                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517945.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517945.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2517945.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2517945.807692                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              332250848                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             287912.346620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   105.789615                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   150.210385                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.413241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.586759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       333198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333198                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       181614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181614                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       514812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         514812                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       514812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        514812                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3203                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           13                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         3216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         3216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         3216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1665484117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1665484117                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      5251584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5251584                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1670735701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1670735701                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data   1670735701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1670735701                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       336401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336401                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       181627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181627                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           94                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       518028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       518028                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       518028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       518028                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009521                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000072                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006208                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 519976.308773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 519976.308773                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       403968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       403968                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 519507.369714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 519507.369714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 519507.369714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 519507.369714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2309                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            9                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          894                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            4                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    443182758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    443182758                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      2340735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2340735                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    445523493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445523493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    445523493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445523493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002658                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000022                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001733                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 495730.154362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 495730.154362                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 585183.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 585183.750000                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 496128.611359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496128.611359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 496128.611359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496128.611359                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              475.066049                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847790920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751634.132231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.066049                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.032157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188324399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188324399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4483914.261905                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3826763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637793.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112217524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112217524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869569.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123781605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             170733.248276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   153.486801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   102.513199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.599558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.400442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    279405883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279405883                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280157040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    280157040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280157040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    280157040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 234794.859664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234794.859664                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233853.956594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233853.956594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233853.956594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233853.956594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123880413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123880413                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124088828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124088828                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124088828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124088828                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 265837.796137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265837.796137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264581.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264581.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264581.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264581.722814                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              542.467859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750173601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1354103.972924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.734889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.732970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.025216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         141404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        141404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              171131872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             190146.524444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   154.955453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   101.044547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.605295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.394705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       201727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         242871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        242871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    994122519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994122519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1179976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    995302495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995302495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    995302495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995302495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       203991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       245150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       245150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 439100.052562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439100.052562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 78665.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78665.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220310014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220310014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220502314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220502314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220502314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220502314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343697.369735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343697.369735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              542.470888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              750172881                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1354102.673285                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    15.738364                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst   526.732524                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140684                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         140684                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        140684                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86828340                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140727                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       140727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       140727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2019263.720930                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     58077804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2151029.777778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              171131202                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             189724.170732                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   155.044797                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data   100.955203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.605644                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.394356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data       201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201515                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40683                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         242198                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        242198                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2244                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1042182198                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284837                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1043467035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203759                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40698                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244457                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244457                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009241                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 464430.569519                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85655.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461915.464807                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1613                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    225582882                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    225775182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 350828.743390                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349497.185759                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              568.465509                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868078396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1520277.401051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.413764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   542.051745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114681172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114681172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114681172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114681172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114681172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114681172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493068.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2493068.956522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493068.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2493068.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2493068.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2493068.956522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69321678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69321678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69321678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69321678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69321678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69321678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475774.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475774.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475774.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475774.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2475774.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2475774.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332250028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             287911.636049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   105.648445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   150.351555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.412689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.587311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1691916316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1691916316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697205003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1697205003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697205003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1697205003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 523975.322391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 523975.322391                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524314.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524314.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524314.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524314.180723                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    448851269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448851269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451405879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451405879                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451405879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451405879                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 501509.797765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 501509.797765                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502679.152561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502679.152561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502679.152561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502679.152561                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              542.469233                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              750172723                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1354102.388087                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    15.736165                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst   526.733069                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.025218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.844124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140526                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         140526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        140526                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     84386924                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140569                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       140569                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       140569                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1962486.604651                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55585890                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2058736.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              171131055                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             189934.578246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   155.014477                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   100.985523                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.605525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.394475                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201431                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40620                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         242051                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        242051                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1045219611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1045219611                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284942                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046504553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1046504553                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data   1046504553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1046504553                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203673                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40635                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244308                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244308                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 466199.648082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 466199.648082                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85662.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.603899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.603899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 463670.603899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 463670.603899                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1600                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1612                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          642                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228791318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228791318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    228983618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228983618                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003152                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002640                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 356372.769470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 356372.769470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.361240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.361240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 355013.361240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355013.361240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              491.299746                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              844476451                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  502                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1682224.005976                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    16.299746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst          475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.026121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.761218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.787339                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        145679                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         145679                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        145679                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           35                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           35                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           35                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     43526738                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       145714                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       145714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       145714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000240                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1243621.085714                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total            8                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     38801333                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000185                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1437086.407407                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              127667555                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             166233.795573                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   156.294795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data    99.705205                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.610527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.389473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         98941                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        82498                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         181439                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        181439                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1617                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           14                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         1631                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         1631                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    551630852                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1182537                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    552813389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       100558                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        82512                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          201                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          200                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       183070                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       183070                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.008909                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 341144.620903                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 84466.928571                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 338941.378909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total             119                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1108                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1119                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          512                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    145034158                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       205582                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    145239740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.005062                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000036                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002797                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 284939.406680                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68527.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 283671.367188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              475.088078                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              847791115                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1751634.535124                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    20.088078                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.032192                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761359                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       150540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150540                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       150540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         150540                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       150540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        150540                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    187684525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    187684525                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    187684525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    187684525                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    187684525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    187684525                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       150583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150583                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       150583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       150583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       150583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       150583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4364756.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4364756.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4364756.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4364756.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 4364756.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4364756.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3843826                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 640637.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111437997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111437997                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111437997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    111437997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst    111437997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    111437997                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3842689.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3842689.551724                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3842689.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3842689.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 3842689.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3842689.551724                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              123781892                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             170733.644138                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   153.545937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   102.454063                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.599789                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.400211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       118330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118330                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        87023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87023                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         205353                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       205353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        205353                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    271920008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271920008                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       750375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750375                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    272670383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    272670383                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    272670383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    272670383                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       119520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119520                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        87031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87031                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       206551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009956                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005800                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 228504.208403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228504.208403                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 93796.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93796.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 227604.660267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227604.660267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 227604.660267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227604.660267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    119034282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119034282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       208338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208338                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    119242620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119242620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    119242620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119242620                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003899                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002271                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 255438.373391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 255438.373391                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        69446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69446                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 254248.656716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254248.656716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 254248.656716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 254248.656716                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              495.816077                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              845322497                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1704279.227823                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    13.816077                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst          482                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.022141                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.772436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.794577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        137469                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         137469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       137469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        137469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           25                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     20331963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     20331963                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     20331963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     20331963                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     20331963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     20331963                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       137494                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       137494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       137494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       137494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000182                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 813278.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 813278.520000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 813278.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 813278.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 813278.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 813278.520000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           14                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15203384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     15203384                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15203384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     15203384                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     15203384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     15203384                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1085956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085956                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1085956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      1085956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1085956                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              132973722                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                  866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             153549.332564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   174.908288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data    81.091712                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.683235                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.316765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        95388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         95388                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data        79710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        79710                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       175098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         175098                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       175098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        175098                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2086                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          117                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         2203                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         2203                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    896367937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    896367937                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data     85583342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total     85583342                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    981951279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    981951279                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    981951279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    981951279                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        97474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        97474                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data        79827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        79827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          199                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          184                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       177301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       177301                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       177301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       177301                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.021401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021401                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.001466                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.012425                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.012425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.012425                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 429706.585331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 429706.585331                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 731481.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 731481.555556                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445733.671811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 445733.671811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 445733.671811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 445733.671811                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets       929852                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             2                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets       464926                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             209                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1477                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          116                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1593                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          609                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          610                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    218802980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218802980                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       749628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       749628                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    219552608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    219552608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    219552608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    219552608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000013                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003440                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 359282.397373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359282.397373                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data       749628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total       749628                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 359922.308197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359922.308197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 359922.308197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 359922.308197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
