
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.001326                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  1326407778                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               449221487418                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 390302                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   514357                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                  39651                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                               67772520                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                 33451.94                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                 13056361888                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                   17206237881                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus00.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus01.data        54144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus02.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus03.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus04.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus05.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus06.data        29056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus07.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus08.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus09.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus10.data        79232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus11.data        53760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus12.data        12544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus13.data        28928                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus14.data        28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::switch_cpus15.data        53888                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_read::total               543872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst         3200                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst         3328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst         3456                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_inst_read::total           54144                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::writebacks       161152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.bytes_written::total            161152                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus01.data          423                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus05.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus12.data           98                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus13.data          226                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_reads::total                  4249                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::writebacks            1259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::functional               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::interrupt                0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus00.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus01.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus02.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus03.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus04.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus05.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus06.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus07.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus08.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus09.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus10.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus11.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus12.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus13.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus14.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.inst            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::switch_cpus15.data            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu00.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu01.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu02.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu03.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu04.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu05.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu06.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu07.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu08.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu09.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu10.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu11.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu12.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu13.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu14.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.dtb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.itb.walker            0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.inst               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::cpu15.data               0                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.num_writes::total                 1259                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus01.data     40820026                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus03.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus04.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus06.data     21905782                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus07.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus09.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus10.data     59734270                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus12.data      9457122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus13.data     21809281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::switch_cpus15.data     40627024                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_read::total               410033784                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_inst_read::total           40820026                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::writebacks         121495066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_write::total              121495066                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::writebacks         121495066                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus00.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus01.data     40820026                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus02.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus03.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus04.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus05.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus06.data     21905782                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus07.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus08.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus09.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.inst      2412531                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus10.data     59734270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus11.data     40530522                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus12.data      9457122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus13.data     21809281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.inst      2509032                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus14.data     21712780                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.inst      2605534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::switch_cpus15.data     40627024                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.physmem.bw_total::total              531528849                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus00.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus00.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus00.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus00.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus00.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus00.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus00.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.lookups         221760                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196461                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19189                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142029                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137772                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13660                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus00.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          629                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2302260                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Insts              1258770                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Branches            221760                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.predictedBranches       151432                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.Cycles              278614                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.SquashCycles         62860                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.BlockedCycles        89367                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.CacheLines          140689                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18626                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523010                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.773352                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::0        2435177     89.73%     89.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::1          41221      1.52%     91.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::2          21642      0.80%     92.05% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::3          40569      1.49%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::4          13345      0.49%     94.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::5          37468      1.38%     95.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::6           6009      0.22%     95.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::7          10527      0.39%     96.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::8         107833      3.97%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rateDist::total      2713791                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.branchRate        0.069718                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.fetch.rate              0.395736                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.IdleCycles        2269241                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BlockedCycles       123203                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus00.decode.RunCycles          277879                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus00.decode.UnblockCycles          336                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchResolved        21902                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus00.decode.BranchMispred          424                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus00.decode.DecodedInsts      1414370                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.decode.SquashedInsts         1769                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus00.rename.SquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IdleCycles        2273268                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus00.rename.BlockCycles         87144                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializeStallCycles        24130                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RunCycles          274108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UnblockCycles        12009                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedInsts      1411449                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus00.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.IQFullEvents         1283                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.LSQFullEvents         9717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenamedOperands      1857023                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.RenameLookups      6405719                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus00.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405719                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus00.rename.CommittedMaps      1478065                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.UndoneMaps         378931                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus00.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus00.rename.skidInsts           25751                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedLoads       248887                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.insertedStores        42622                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus00.memDep0.conflictingStores         9398                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402177                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302169                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1449                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269698                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       573581                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus00.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.479834                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098424                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144157     79.01%     79.01% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183490      6.76%     85.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185261      6.83%     92.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108501      4.00%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58674      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15422      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17515      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          410      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          361      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713791                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2362     57.72%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemRead          962     23.51%     81.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          768     18.77%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024275     78.66%     78.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10505      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225317     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41977      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302169                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus00.iq.rate                 0.409380                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5323669                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1672103                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1266870                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306261                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1077                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53589                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1735                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus00.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewSquashCycles        43126                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewBlockCycles         72076                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402390                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          188                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248887                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42622                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewIQFullEvents          545                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus00.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11414                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8848                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus00.iew.branchMispredicts        20262                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221572                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18645                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_refs             263526                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_branches         194417                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_stores            41954                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus00.iew.exec_rate           0.403518                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_sent              1267430                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_count             1266870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_producers          765785                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_consumers         1693982                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_rate             0.398282                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_fanout           0.452062                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus00.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000001                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitCommittedOps      1129674                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272776                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus00.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branchMispredicts        18872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.422994                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.287784                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2248011     84.17%     84.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167358      6.27%     90.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106403      3.98%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33304      1.25%     95.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55105      2.06%     97.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11222      0.42%     98.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7277      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6474      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35511      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2670665                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedInsts      1000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.committedOps      1129674                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.refs               236185                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.loads              195298                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.branches           173315                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus00.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.int_insts          988112                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.function_calls        14525                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_lim_events        35511                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus00.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_reads            4037591                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus00.rob.rob_writes           2848075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus00.timesIdled                 52439                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus00.idleCycles                467044                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts           1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedOps             1129674                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.committedInsts_total      1000001                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus00.cpi                     3.180832                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus00.cpi_total               3.180832                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.ipc                     0.314383                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus00.ipc_total               0.314383                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_reads        5954761                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.int_regfile_writes       1657041                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_reads       1490041                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus00.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus01.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus01.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus01.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus01.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus01.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus01.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus01.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.lookups         212233                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191229                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13066                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        83760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBHits          73763                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus01.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          600                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2238146                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Insts              1331879                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Branches            212233                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.predictedBranches        85225                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.Cycles              262425                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.SquashCycles         41769                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.BlockedCycles       344518                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.CacheLines          130197                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12907                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::samples      2873478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.544278                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.845420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::0        2611053     90.87%     90.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::1           9091      0.32%     91.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::2          19053      0.66%     91.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::3           7949      0.28%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::4          42816      1.49%     93.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::5          38772      1.35%     94.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::6           7243      0.25%     95.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::7          15662      0.55%     95.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::8         121839      4.24%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rateDist::total      2873478                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.branchRate        0.066722                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.fetch.rate              0.418720                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.IdleCycles        2217227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BlockedCycles       365921                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus01.decode.RunCycles          261245                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus01.decode.UnblockCycles          911                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashCycles        28165                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchResolved        18655                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus01.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus01.decode.DecodedInsts      1560392                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus01.rename.SquashCycles        28165                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IdleCycles        2220774                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus01.rename.BlockCycles        334723                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializeStallCycles        20684                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RunCycles          258847                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UnblockCycles        10276                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedInsts      1558139                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus01.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.IQFullEvents         4708                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.LSQFullEvents         3726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus01.rename.FullRegisterEvents           36                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenamedOperands      1835797                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.RenameLookups      7332559                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus01.rename.int_rename_lookups      7332559                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus01.rename.CommittedMaps      1585879                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.UndoneMaps         249918                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus01.rename.serializingInsts          206                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.tempSerializingInsts          118                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus01.rename.skidInsts           26281                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedLoads       365357                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.insertedStores       183389                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1752                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus01.memDep0.conflictingStores         8925                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552688                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          211                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqInstsIssued         1479352                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1225                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       144908                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       353833                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus01.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           29                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2873478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.514830                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.304500                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2342088     81.51%     81.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       162401      5.65%     87.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       130811      4.55%     91.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        57266      1.99%     93.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70868      2.47%     96.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        66971      2.33%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38148      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3084      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1841      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2873478                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3669     11.20%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28290     86.33%     97.53% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          811      2.47%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       930119     62.87%     62.87% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12805      0.87%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.74% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       353723     23.91%     87.66% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182618     12.34%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.FU_type_0::total      1479352                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus01.iq.rate                 0.465083                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32770                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022152                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5866177                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1697873                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1464485                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512122                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2674                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18320                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           13                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           67                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1982                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus01.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewSquashCycles        28165                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewBlockCycles        327625                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2636                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1552903                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           23                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365357                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183389                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          120                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1668                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            8                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus01.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           67                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6833                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8165                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus01.iew.branchMispredicts        14998                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1467454                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352397                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11898                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_refs             534966                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_branches         191923                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_stores           182569                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus01.iew.exec_rate           0.461342                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_sent              1464606                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_count             1464485                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_producers          792437                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_consumers         1565742                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_rate             0.460409                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_fanout           0.506110                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus01.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1179049                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385215                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167876                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus01.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          182                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branchMispredicts        13106                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2845313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.486841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.302112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2340246     82.25%     82.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186203      6.54%     88.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        86723      3.05%     91.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85211      2.99%     94.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23108      0.81%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97562      3.43%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7509      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5371      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13380      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2845313                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedInsts      1179049                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.committedOps      1385215                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.refs               528444                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.loads              347037                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.branches           182877                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus01.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.int_insts         1231664                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.function_calls        13340                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_lim_events        13380                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus01.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_reads            4385011                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus01.rob.rob_writes           3134361                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus01.timesIdled                 49669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus01.idleCycles                307357                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts           1179049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedOps             1385215                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.committedInsts_total      1179049                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus01.cpi                     2.697797                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus01.cpi_total               2.697797                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.ipc                     0.370673                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus01.ipc_total               0.370673                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_reads        7249478                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.int_regfile_writes       1704085                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_reads       1850727                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus01.misc_regfile_writes          182                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus02.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus02.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus02.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus02.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus02.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus02.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus02.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.lookups         276090                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230064                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26862                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108729                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98759                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29370                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus02.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2399554                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Insts              1516268                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Branches            276090                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.predictedBranches       128129                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.Cycles              315056                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.SquashCycles         75548                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.BlockedCycles       194828                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.MiscStallCycles         3170                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.CacheLines          150507                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25563                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::samples      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629875                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997509                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::0        2646087     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::1          19033      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::2          24128      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::3          38502      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::4          15842      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::5          20730      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::6          24015      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::7          11201      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::8         161605      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rateDist::total      2961143                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.branchRate        0.086798                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.fetch.rate              0.476689                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.IdleCycles        2388577                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BlockedCycles       210728                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus02.decode.RunCycles          313440                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus02.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchResolved        41660                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus02.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus02.decode.DecodedInsts      1852566                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus02.rename.SquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IdleCycles        2391541                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus02.rename.BlockCycles          7704                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializeStallCycles       195892                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RunCycles          310605                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UnblockCycles         7171                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedInsts      1840086                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus02.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenamedOperands      2571044                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.RenameLookups      8554452                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus02.rename.int_rename_lookups      8554452                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus02.rename.CommittedMaps      2119131                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.UndoneMaps         451904                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus02.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus02.rename.skidInsts           26180                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedLoads       174088                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.insertedStores        88984                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus02.memDep0.conflictingStores        20064                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsAdded          1794515                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqInstsIssued         1709964                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2150                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238170                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503300                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus02.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577468                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2237443     75.56%     75.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329198     11.12%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134895      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76450      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101963      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32435      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31031      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16411      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1317      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2961143                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11829     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1651     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1533     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1440935     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23158      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157147      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88514      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.FU_type_0::total      1709964                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus02.iq.rate                 0.537583                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15013                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008780                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6398234                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2033145                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1663802                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.int_alu_accesses      1724977                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36425                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus02.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewSquashCycles        48225                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewBlockCycles          5850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1794956                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174088                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88984                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus02.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15272                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15388                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus02.iew.branchMispredicts        30660                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1679377                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154318                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30587                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_refs             242795                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_branches         236842                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_stores            88477                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus02.iew.exec_rate           0.527967                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_sent              1663840                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_count             1663802                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_producers          997162                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_consumers         2680519                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_rate             0.523071                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_fanout           0.372003                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus02.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1232627                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitCommittedOps      1518675                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276292                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus02.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branchMispredicts        26881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521359                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339112                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2269576     77.91%     77.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326332     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118453      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58741      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53895      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22707      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22485      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10643      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30086      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2912918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedInsts      1232627                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.committedOps      1518675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.refs               225067                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.loads              137660                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.branches           220102                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus02.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.int_insts         1367285                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.function_calls        31328                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_lim_events        30086                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus02.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_reads            4677786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus02.rob.rob_writes           3638174                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus02.timesIdled                 38307                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus02.idleCycles                219692                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts           1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedOps             1518675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.committedInsts_total      1232627                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus02.cpi                     2.580533                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus02.cpi_total               2.580533                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.ipc                     0.387517                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus02.ipc_total               0.387517                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_reads        7554007                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.int_regfile_writes       2327517                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_reads       1711285                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus02.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus03.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus03.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus03.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus03.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus03.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus03.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus03.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.lookups         275707                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229635                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26800                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108189                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98519                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29243                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus03.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1252                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2394541                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Insts              1514191                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Branches            275707                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.predictedBranches       127762                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.Cycles              314560                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.SquashCycles         75502                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.BlockedCycles       197171                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.MiscStallCycles         1591                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           67                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.CacheLines          150256                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25507                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::samples      2956385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629971                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997646                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::0        2641825     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::1          19021      0.64%     90.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::2          23986      0.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::3          38491      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::4          15751      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::5          20756      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::6          23987      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::7          11279      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::8         161289      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rateDist::total      2956385                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.branchRate        0.086678                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.fetch.rate              0.476036                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.IdleCycles        2381874                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BlockedCycles       213157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus03.decode.RunCycles          312930                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus03.decode.UnblockCycles          177                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchResolved        41710                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus03.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus03.decode.DecodedInsts      1849847                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus03.rename.SquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IdleCycles        2384871                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus03.rename.BlockCycles          7815                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializeStallCycles       198174                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RunCycles          310059                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UnblockCycles         7220                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedInsts      1837331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus03.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.IQFullEvents          996                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.LSQFullEvents         4928                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenamedOperands      2566798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.RenameLookups      8540372                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus03.rename.int_rename_lookups      8540372                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus03.rename.CommittedMaps      2113226                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.UndoneMaps         453572                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus03.rename.serializingInsts          437                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus03.rename.skidInsts           26351                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedLoads       173675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.insertedStores        88912                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1010                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus03.memDep0.conflictingStores        20147                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsAdded          1791285                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqInstsIssued         1706456                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2169                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238692                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503800                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus03.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2956385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301756                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2234242     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328617     11.12%     86.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134601      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76101      2.57%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101668      3.44%     97.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32246      1.09%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31245      1.06%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16358      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1307      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2956385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11820     78.84%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1646     10.98%     89.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1527     10.18%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1437965     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23077      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          209      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156754      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88451      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.FU_type_0::total      1706456                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus03.iq.rate                 0.536481                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14993                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008786                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6386459                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2030437                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1660194                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.int_alu_accesses      1721449                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1340                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36407                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1767                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus03.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewSquashCycles        48241                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewBlockCycles          5951                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewUnblockCycles          726                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1791726                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1396                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88912                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewIQFullEvents          620                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus03.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15196                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15384                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus03.iew.branchMispredicts        30580                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1675675                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       153886                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30781                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_refs             242300                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_branches         236358                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_stores            88414                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus03.iew.exec_rate           0.526803                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_sent              1660232                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_count             1660194                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_producers          994610                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_consumers         2673094                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_rate             0.521937                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_fanout           0.372082                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus03.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1229188                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitCommittedOps      1514409                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitSquashedInsts       277338                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus03.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branchMispredicts        26819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2908144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520748                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338502                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2266536     77.94%     77.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325631     11.20%     89.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118009      4.06%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58550      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53677      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22659      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22441      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10667      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        29974      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2908144                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedInsts      1229188                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.committedOps      1514409                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.refs               224413                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.loads              137268                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.branches           219474                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus03.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.int_insts         1363466                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.function_calls        31246                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_lim_events        29974                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus03.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_reads            4669904                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus03.rob.rob_writes           3631741                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus03.timesIdled                 38264                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus03.idleCycles                224450                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts           1229188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedOps             1514409                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.committedInsts_total      1229188                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus03.cpi                     2.587753                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus03.cpi_total               2.587753                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.ipc                     0.386436                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus03.ipc_total               0.386436                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_reads        7537043                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.int_regfile_writes       2322111                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_reads       1708909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus03.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus04.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus04.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus04.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus04.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus04.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus04.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus04.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.lookups         275772                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229789                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26831                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108614                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29338                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus04.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2396931                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Insts              1514487                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Branches            275772                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.predictedBranches       127985                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.Cycles              314691                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.SquashCycles         75464                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.BlockedCycles       198289                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.CacheLines          150342                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25533                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::samples      2963983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.628531                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.995581                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::0        2649292     89.38%     89.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::1          19013      0.64%     90.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::2          24104      0.81%     90.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::3          38461      1.30%     92.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::4          15818      0.53%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::5          20703      0.70%     93.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::6          23988      0.81%     94.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::7          11196      0.38%     94.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::8         161408      5.45%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rateDist::total      2963983                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.branchRate        0.086698                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.fetch.rate              0.476129                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.IdleCycles        2388379                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BlockedCycles       214184                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus04.decode.RunCycles          313075                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus04.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchResolved        41617                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus04.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus04.decode.DecodedInsts      1850376                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus04.rename.SquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IdleCycles        2391341                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus04.rename.BlockCycles          7700                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializeStallCycles       199357                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RunCycles          310242                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UnblockCycles         7166                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedInsts      1837905                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus04.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.LSQFullEvents         4934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenamedOperands      2567992                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.RenameLookups      8544259                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus04.rename.int_rename_lookups      8544259                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus04.rename.CommittedMaps      2116608                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.UndoneMaps         451372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus04.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus04.rename.skidInsts           26166                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedLoads       173894                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.insertedStores        88884                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus04.memDep0.conflictingStores        20033                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsAdded          1792410                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqInstsIssued         1707937                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       237922                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       502791                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus04.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2963983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.576230                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.300523                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2241109     75.61%     75.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328832     11.09%     86.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134758      4.55%     91.25% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76365      2.58%     93.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101827      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32384      1.09%     98.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31002      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16394      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2963983                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11818     78.80%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     10.99%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1439219     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23118      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       156976      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88414      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.FU_type_0::total      1707937                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus04.iq.rate                 0.536946                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14998                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008781                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6397003                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2030792                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1661832                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.int_alu_accesses      1722935                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36383                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus04.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewSquashCycles        48172                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewBlockCycles          5846                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1792851                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173894                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88884                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus04.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15252                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15372                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus04.iew.branchMispredicts        30624                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1677392                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154151                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30545                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_refs             242528                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_branches         236567                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_stores            88377                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus04.iew.exec_rate           0.527343                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_sent              1661870                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_count             1661832                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_producers          995987                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_consumers         2677280                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_rate             0.522451                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_fanout           0.372015                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus04.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1231170                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitCommittedOps      1516880                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitSquashedInsts       275986                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus04.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branchMispredicts        26850                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.520226                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.337872                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2273215     77.96%     77.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       325966     11.18%     89.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118309      4.06%     93.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58676      2.01%     95.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53831      1.85%     97.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22679      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22451      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10629      0.36%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30055      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915811                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedInsts      1231170                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.committedOps      1516880                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.refs               224815                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.loads              137508                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.branches           219843                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus04.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.int_insts         1365675                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.function_calls        31293                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_lim_events        30055                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus04.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_reads            4678609                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus04.rob.rob_writes           3633922                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus04.timesIdled                 38276                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus04.idleCycles                216852                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts           1231170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedOps             1516880                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.committedInsts_total      1231170                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus04.cpi                     2.583587                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus04.cpi_total               2.583587                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.ipc                     0.387059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus04.ipc_total               0.387059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_reads        7545089                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.int_regfile_writes       2324750                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_reads       1709294                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus04.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus05.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus05.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus05.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus05.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus05.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus05.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus05.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.lookups         276619                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230490                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108946                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29431                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus05.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2404262                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Insts              1519050                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Branches            276619                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.predictedBranches       128386                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.Cycles              315645                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.SquashCycles         75678                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.BlockedCycles       189934                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5580                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.CacheLines          150799                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25608                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::samples      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630420                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998267                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::0        2648391     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::1          19064      0.64%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::2          24178      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::3          38580      1.30%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::4          15876      0.54%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::5          20774      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::6          24051      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::7          11227      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::8         161895      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rateDist::total      2964036                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.branchRate        0.086964                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.fetch.rate              0.477563                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.IdleCycles        2395670                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BlockedCycles       205864                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus05.decode.RunCycles          314024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus05.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchResolved        41745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus05.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus05.decode.DecodedInsts      1855970                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus05.rename.SquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IdleCycles        2398639                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus05.rename.BlockCycles          7703                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializeStallCycles       191015                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RunCycles          311185                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UnblockCycles         7184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedInsts      1843454                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus05.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.LSQFullEvents         4951                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenamedOperands      2575654                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.RenameLookups      8569982                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus05.rename.int_rename_lookups      8569982                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus05.rename.CommittedMaps      2122946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.UndoneMaps         452645                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus05.rename.serializingInsts          439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus05.rename.skidInsts           26225                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedLoads       174428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.insertedStores        89147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus05.memDep0.conflictingStores        20100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsAdded          1797811                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqInstsIssued         1713094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238544                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504031                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus05.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577960                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302119                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2239026     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329777     11.13%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135145      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76595      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102150      3.45%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32488      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31101      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16436      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2964036                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11854     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1657     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1443568     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23203      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157442      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88671      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.FU_type_0::total      1713094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus05.iq.rate                 0.538567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6407424                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2036816                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1666848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.int_alu_accesses      1728140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus05.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewSquashCycles        48305                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewBlockCycles          5849                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1798253                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus05.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus05.iew.branchMispredicts        30719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1682445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_refs             243242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_branches         237295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_stores            88634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus05.iew.exec_rate           0.528932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_sent              1666886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_count             1666848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_producers          998943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_consumers         2685150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_rate             0.524028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_fanout           0.372025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus05.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1234847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitCommittedOps      1521455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276746                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus05.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branchMispredicts        26931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521809                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339592                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2271212     77.90%     77.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326929     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118664      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58851      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53993      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22753      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22528      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10668      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30133      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915731                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedInsts      1234847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.committedOps      1521455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.refs               225483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.loads              137925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.branches           220518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus05.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.int_insts         1369803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.function_calls        31397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_lim_events        30133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus05.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_reads            4683786                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus05.rob.rob_writes           3644785                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus05.timesIdled                 38386                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus05.idleCycles                216799                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts           1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedOps             1521455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.committedInsts_total      1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus05.cpi                     2.575894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus05.cpi_total               2.575894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.ipc                     0.388215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus05.ipc_total               0.388215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_reads        7567802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.int_regfile_writes       2331694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_reads       1714435                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus05.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus06.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus06.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus06.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus06.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus06.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus06.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus06.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.lookups         221757                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196428                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19206                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142227                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137821                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13684                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus06.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          624                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2301674                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Insts              1258738                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Branches            221757                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.predictedBranches       151505                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.Cycles              278674                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.SquashCycles         62809                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.BlockedCycles        86667                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.CacheLines          140685                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18654                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::samples      2710497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.523628                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.774180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::0        2431823     89.72%     89.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::1          41184      1.52%     91.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::2          21783      0.80%     92.04% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::3          40553      1.50%     93.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::4          13353      0.49%     94.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::5          37491      1.38%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::6           5976      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::7          10512      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::8         107822      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rateDist::total      2710497                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.branchRate        0.069717                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.fetch.rate              0.395726                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.IdleCycles        2268698                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BlockedCycles       120467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus06.decode.RunCycles          277925                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus06.decode.UnblockCycles          344                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashCycles        43057                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchResolved        21936                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus06.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus06.decode.DecodedInsts      1414290                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.decode.SquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus06.rename.SquashCycles        43057                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IdleCycles        2272723                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus06.rename.BlockCycles         84474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializeStallCycles        24063                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RunCycles          274164                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UnblockCycles        12010                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedInsts      1411409                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus06.rename.ROBFullEvents           15                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.IQFullEvents         1289                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.LSQFullEvents         9692                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenamedOperands      1857135                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.RenameLookups      6405894                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus06.rename.int_rename_lookups      6405894                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus06.rename.CommittedMaps      1478749                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.UndoneMaps         378372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus06.rename.serializingInsts          204                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus06.rename.skidInsts           25658                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedLoads       248711                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.insertedStores        42603                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingLoads          355                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus06.memDep0.conflictingStores         9391                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsAdded          1402080                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          207                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqInstsIssued         1302343                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1489                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269132                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       572068                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus06.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            9                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2710497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.480481                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.098777                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140621     78.98%     78.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183572      6.77%     85.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185543      6.85%     92.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108409      4.00%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58638      2.16%     98.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15512      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17426      0.64%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          418      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          358      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2710497                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2364     57.77%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemRead          961     23.48%     81.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          767     18.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1024504     78.67%     78.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10516      0.81%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.48% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225253     17.30%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41975      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.FU_type_0::total      1302343                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus06.iq.rate                 0.409434                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4092                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003142                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5320764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1671440                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1267034                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.int_alu_accesses      1306435                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1050                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53374                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1689                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus06.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewSquashCycles        43057                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewBlockCycles         69414                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1300                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1402293                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          183                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248711                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42603                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          108                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewIQFullEvents          544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           21                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus06.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11440                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8847                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus06.iew.branchMispredicts        20287                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1283516                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221388                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18827                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_refs             263339                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_branches         194422                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_stores            41951                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus06.iew.exec_rate           0.403515                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_sent              1267589                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_count             1267034                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_producers          766000                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_consumers         1695628                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_rate             0.398334                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_fanout           0.451750                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus06.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1000398                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitCommittedOps      1130158                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272204                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus06.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          198                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branchMispredicts        18888                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2667440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.423686                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.288630                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2244646     84.15%     84.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       167280      6.27%     90.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106603      4.00%     94.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33209      1.24%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55173      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11290      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7271      0.27%     98.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6467      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35501      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2667440                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedInsts      1000398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.committedOps      1130158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.refs               236251                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.loads              195337                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.branches           173382                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus06.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.int_insts          988550                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.function_calls        14536                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_lim_events        35501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus06.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_reads            4034288                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus06.rob.rob_writes           2847819                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus06.timesIdled                 52450                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus06.idleCycles                470338                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts           1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedOps             1130158                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.committedInsts_total      1000398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus06.cpi                     3.179570                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus06.cpi_total               3.179570                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.ipc                     0.314508                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus06.ipc_total               0.314508                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_reads        5954946                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.int_regfile_writes       1657304                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_reads       1489987                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus06.misc_regfile_writes          198                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus07.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus07.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus07.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus07.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus07.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus07.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus07.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.lookups         222915                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197366                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19301                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142740                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138355                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13775                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus07.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2311019                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Insts              1264017                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Branches            222915                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.predictedBranches       152130                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.Cycles              280077                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.SquashCycles         63015                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.BlockedCycles        78318                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.CacheLines          141295                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18757                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::samples      2713006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525559                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777040                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::0        2432929     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::1          41444      1.53%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::2          21936      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::3          40754      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::4          13501      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::5          37554      1.38%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::6           6082      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::7          10446      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::8         108360      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rateDist::total      2713006                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.branchRate        0.070081                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.fetch.rate              0.397385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.IdleCycles        2278052                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BlockedCycles       112091                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus07.decode.RunCycles          279351                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus07.decode.UnblockCycles          343                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchResolved        22126                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus07.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus07.decode.DecodedInsts      1420949                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus07.rename.SquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IdleCycles        2282065                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus07.rename.BlockCycles         72203                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializeStallCycles        28053                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RunCycles          275577                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UnblockCycles        11939                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedInsts      1418030                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus07.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.IQFullEvents         1271                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.LSQFullEvents         9640                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenamedOperands      1866547                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.RenameLookups      6436164                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus07.rename.int_rename_lookups      6436164                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus07.rename.CommittedMaps      1487123                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.UndoneMaps         379420                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus07.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus07.rename.skidInsts           25562                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedLoads       249059                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.insertedStores        43015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingLoads          395                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus07.memDep0.conflictingStores         9465                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408501                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308691                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269403                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571094                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus07.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2713006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482377                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100615                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2140294     78.89%     78.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184528      6.80%     85.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186471      6.87%     92.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109174      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58566      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15564      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17617      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          423      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          369      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2713006                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2391     57.81%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemRead          969     23.43%     81.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.76%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030027     78.71%     78.71% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10603      0.81%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.52% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225581     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42384      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308691                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus07.iq.rate                 0.411430                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4136                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5335964                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678127                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273459                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.int_alu_accesses      1312827                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53147                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus07.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewSquashCycles        43163                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewBlockCycles         57175                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1317                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408710                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          174                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249059                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus07.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11523                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8916                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus07.iew.branchMispredicts        20439                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1289946                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221952                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18745                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_refs             264310                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_branches         195493                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_stores            42358                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus07.iew.exec_rate           0.405537                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_sent              1274028                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_count             1273459                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_producers          769817                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_consumers         1704921                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_rate             0.400354                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_fanout           0.451526                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus07.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005268                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136246                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272533                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus07.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branchMispredicts        18980                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2669843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425585                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2244659     84.07%     84.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168138      6.30%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107429      4.02%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33419      1.25%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55366      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11353      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7290      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6488      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35701      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2669843                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedInsts      1005268                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.committedOps      1136246                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.refs               237193                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.loads              195910                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.branches           174286                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus07.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.int_insts          994028                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.function_calls        14670                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_lim_events        35701                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus07.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_reads            4042908                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus07.rob.rob_writes           2860755                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus07.timesIdled                 52558                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus07.idleCycles                467829                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts           1005268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedOps             1136246                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.committedInsts_total      1005268                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus07.cpi                     3.164166                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus07.cpi_total               3.164166                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.ipc                     0.316039                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus07.ipc_total               0.316039                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_reads        5983783                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.int_regfile_writes       1666300                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_reads       1496097                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus07.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus08.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus08.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus08.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus08.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus08.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus08.numCycles                3180831                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus08.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.lookups         275903                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condPredicted       229906                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26841                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108660                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98689                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29341                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus08.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1260                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2397824                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Insts              1515373                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Branches            275903                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.predictedBranches       128030                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.Cycles              314857                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.SquashCycles         75498                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.BlockedCycles       194771                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.MiscStallCycles         4086                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.CacheLines          150391                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25532                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::samples      2960044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.629737                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.997342                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::0        2645187     89.36%     89.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::1          19019      0.64%     90.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::2          24115      0.81%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::3          38474      1.30%     92.12% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::4          15815      0.53%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::5          20719      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::6          23999      0.81%     94.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::7          11198      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::8         161518      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rateDist::total      2960044                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.branchRate        0.086739                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.fetch.rate              0.476408                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.IdleCycles        2387764                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BlockedCycles       210681                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus08.decode.RunCycles          313230                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus08.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchResolved        41631                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus08.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus08.decode.DecodedInsts      1851382                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus08.rename.SquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IdleCycles        2390735                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus08.rename.BlockCycles          7708                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializeStallCycles       195836                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RunCycles          310383                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UnblockCycles         7181                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedInsts      1838858                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus08.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.LSQFullEvents         4939                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenamedOperands      2569328                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.RenameLookups      8548721                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus08.rename.int_rename_lookups      8548721                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus08.rename.CommittedMaps      2117553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.UndoneMaps         451775                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus08.rename.serializingInsts          438                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.tempSerializingInsts          227                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus08.rename.skidInsts           26255                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedLoads       173960                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.insertedStores        88916                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1044                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus08.memDep0.conflictingStores        20042                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsAdded          1793209                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          440                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqInstsIssued         1708682                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2149                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238042                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       503114                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus08.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2960044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577249                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.301418                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2236857     75.57%     75.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       328960     11.11%     86.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       134822      4.55%     91.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76396      2.58%     93.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       101872      3.44%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32434      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31001      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16390      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1312      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2960044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11814     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1649     11.00%     89.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1531     10.21%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1439863     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23130      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157033      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88446      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.FU_type_0::total      1708682                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus08.iq.rate                 0.537181                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_cnt             14994                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008775                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6394551                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2031711                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1662561                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.int_alu_accesses      1723676                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36401                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus08.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewSquashCycles        48196                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1793650                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       173960                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        88916                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          228                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus08.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15258                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15378                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus08.iew.branchMispredicts        30636                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1678125                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154206                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30557                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_refs             242615                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_branches         236675                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_stores            88409                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus08.iew.exec_rate           0.527574                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_sent              1662599                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_count             1662561                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_producers          996421                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_consumers         2678502                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_rate             0.522681                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_fanout           0.372007                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus08.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1231715                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitCommittedOps      1517543                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276127                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus08.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branchMispredicts        26860                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2911848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521161                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.338885                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2268965     77.92%     77.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326111     11.20%     89.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118367      4.07%     93.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58704      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53851      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22685      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22463      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10637      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30065      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2911848                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedInsts      1231715                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.committedOps      1517543                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.refs               224898                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.loads              137559                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.branches           219943                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus08.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.int_insts         1366265                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.function_calls        31305                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_lim_events        30065                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus08.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_reads            4675440                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus08.rob.rob_writes           3635542                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus08.timesIdled                 38285                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus08.idleCycles                220787                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts           1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedOps             1517543                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.committedInsts_total      1231715                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus08.cpi                     2.582441                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus08.cpi_total               2.582441                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.ipc                     0.387231                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus08.ipc_total               0.387231                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_reads        7548356                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.int_regfile_writes       2325780                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_reads       1710245                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus08.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus09.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus09.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus09.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus09.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus09.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus09.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus09.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.lookups         223205                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197612                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19327                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142843                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138456                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13804                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus09.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          636                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2313438                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Insts              1265629                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Branches            223205                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.predictedBranches       152260                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.Cycles              280421                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.SquashCycles         63085                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.BlockedCycles        80642                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.CacheLines          141443                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18782                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::samples      2718137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525294                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.776711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::0        2437716     89.68%     89.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::1          41467      1.53%     91.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::2          21981      0.81%     92.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::3          40775      1.50%     93.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::4          13538      0.50%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::5          37572      1.38%     95.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::6           6091      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::7          10466      0.39%     96.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::8         108531      3.99%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rateDist::total      2718137                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.branchRate        0.070172                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.fetch.rate              0.397892                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.IdleCycles        2280451                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BlockedCycles       114439                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus09.decode.RunCycles          279689                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus09.decode.UnblockCycles          345                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchResolved        22170                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus09.decode.BranchMispred          429                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus09.decode.DecodedInsts      1422908                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.decode.SquashedInsts         1791                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus09.rename.SquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IdleCycles        2284463                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus09.rename.BlockCycles         76121                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializeStallCycles        26466                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RunCycles          275922                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UnblockCycles        11952                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedInsts      1419981                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus09.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.LSQFullEvents         9648                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenamedOperands      1869354                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.RenameLookups      6445311                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus09.rename.int_rename_lookups      6445311                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus09.rename.CommittedMaps      1489558                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.UndoneMaps         379796                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus09.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus09.rename.skidInsts           25588                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedLoads       249230                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.insertedStores        43094                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingLoads          396                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus09.memDep0.conflictingStores         9489                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsAdded          1410456                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqInstsIssued         1310570                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269671                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571610                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus09.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2718137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482157                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100532                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2144631     78.90%     78.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184864      6.80%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186618      6.87%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109309      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58661      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15588      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17674      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          421      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          371      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2718137                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2395     57.82%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemRead          971     23.44%     81.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          776     18.73%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1031644     78.72%     78.72% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10635      0.81%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.53% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.54% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225732     17.22%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42463      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.FU_type_0::total      1310570                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus09.iq.rate                 0.412021                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4142                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003160                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5344859                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1680350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1275285                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.int_alu_accesses      1314712                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1150                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53187                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1732                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus09.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewSquashCycles        43207                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewBlockCycles         61082                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1318                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1410665                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          171                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249230                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43094                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewIQFullEvents          556                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           20                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus09.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11538                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8929                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus09.iew.branchMispredicts        20467                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1291783                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       222096                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18787                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_refs             264532                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_branches         195759                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_stores            42436                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus09.iew.exec_rate           0.406114                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_sent              1275854                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_count             1275285                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_producers          770899                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_consumers         1708084                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_rate             0.400928                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_fanout           0.451324                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus09.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1006659                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitCommittedOps      1137936                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272801                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus09.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branchMispredicts        19006                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2674930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425408                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.290663                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2249037     84.08%     84.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168456      6.30%     90.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107604      4.02%     94.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33482      1.25%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55432      2.07%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11379      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7306      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6505      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35729      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2674930                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedInsts      1006659                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.committedOps      1137936                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.refs               237405                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.loads              196043                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.branches           174542                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus09.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.int_insts          995530                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.function_calls        14701                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_lim_events        35729                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus09.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_reads            4049925                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus09.rob.rob_writes           2864712                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus09.timesIdled                 52593                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus09.idleCycles                462698                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts           1006659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedOps             1137936                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.committedInsts_total      1006659                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus09.cpi                     3.159794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus09.cpi_total               3.159794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.ipc                     0.316476                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus09.ipc_total               0.316476                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_reads        5991994                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.int_regfile_writes       1668920                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_reads       1497875                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus09.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus10.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus10.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus10.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus10.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus10.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus10.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus10.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.lookups         174818                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condPredicted       142446                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        18495                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBLookups        71154                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBHits          66079                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.usedRAS          17315                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus10.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          829                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.icacheStallCycles      1691473                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Insts              1034942                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Branches            174818                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.predictedBranches        83394                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.Cycles              211931                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.SquashCycles         58476                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.BlockedCycles       193343                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.CacheLines          105633                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18466                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::samples      2136030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.588673                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.938414                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::0        1924099     90.08%     90.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::1          11260      0.53%     90.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::2          17802      0.83%     91.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::3          26333      1.23%     92.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::4          11075      0.52%     93.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::5          13197      0.62%     93.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::6          13650      0.64%     94.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::7           9537      0.45%     94.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::8         109077      5.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rateDist::total      2136030                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.branchRate        0.054960                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.fetch.rate              0.325368                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.IdleCycles        1668475                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BlockedCycles       217051                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus10.decode.RunCycles          210219                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus10.decode.UnblockCycles         1347                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchResolved        28403                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus10.decode.BranchMispred          349                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus10.decode.DecodedInsts      1253136                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.decode.SquashedInsts         1343                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus10.rename.SquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IdleCycles        1673116                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus10.rename.BlockCycles         70077                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializeStallCycles       131779                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RunCycles          207030                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UnblockCycles        15090                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedInsts      1250018                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus10.rename.ROBFullEvents          896                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.IQFullEvents         2632                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.LSQFullEvents         7220                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus10.rename.FullRegisterEvents         1977                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenamedOperands      1709416                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.RenameLookups      5826730                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus10.rename.int_rename_lookups      5826730                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus10.rename.CommittedMaps      1404256                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.UndoneMaps         305160                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus10.rename.serializingInsts          284                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.tempSerializingInsts          153                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus10.rename.skidInsts           40754                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedLoads       126814                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.insertedStores        70180                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingLoads         3688                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus10.memDep0.conflictingStores        14368                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsAdded          1245677                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          286                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqInstsIssued         1160299                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1951                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       194148                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       452482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus10.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           25                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2136030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.543204                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.229014                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      1639605     76.76%     76.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       202180      9.47%     86.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       111766      5.23%     91.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        73258      3.43%     94.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        66018      3.09%     97.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        20097      0.94%     98.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        14758      0.69%     99.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         5076      0.24%     99.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         3272      0.15%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2136030                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntAlu           304     10.80%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     10.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1199     42.61%     53.41% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1311     46.59%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       954941     82.30%     82.30% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        21343      1.84%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     84.14% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          128      0.01%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     84.15% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       115191      9.93%     94.08% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        68696      5.92%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.FU_type_0::total      1160299                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus10.iq.rate                 0.364778                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_cnt              2814                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.002425                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      4461393                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1440184                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1138779                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.int_alu_accesses      1163113                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         5568                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        27151                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           10                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           75                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         4957                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          931                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus10.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewSquashCycles        38935                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewBlockCycles         56828                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1773                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1245968                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          518                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       126814                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        70180                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          156                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewIQFullEvents          983                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           60                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus10.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           75                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         9820                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        11611                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus10.iew.branchMispredicts        21431                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1143222                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       109170                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        17077                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_nop                   5                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_refs             177754                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_branches         155249                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_stores            68584                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus10.iew.exec_rate           0.359409                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_sent              1138914                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_count             1138779                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_producers          673970                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_consumers         1708858                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_rate             0.358013                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_fanout           0.394398                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus10.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedInsts       841887                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitCommittedOps      1026541                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitSquashedInsts       220164                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus10.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          261                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branchMispredicts        18790                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2097095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489506                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.333825                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      1680615     80.14%     80.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       198467      9.46%     89.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        82374      3.93%     93.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        42309      2.02%     95.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        31246      1.49%     97.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        18029      0.86%     97.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        11021      0.53%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         9128      0.44%     98.86% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        23906      1.14%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2097095                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedInsts       841887                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.committedOps      1026541                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.refs               164886                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.loads               99663                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.membars               130                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.branches           142750                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus10.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.int_insts          927848                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.function_calls        20002                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_lim_events        23906                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus10.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_reads            3319881                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus10.rob.rob_writes           2532357                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus10.timesIdled                 30565                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus10.idleCycles               1044805                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts            841887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedOps             1026541                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.committedInsts_total       841887                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus10.cpi                     3.778221                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus10.cpi_total               3.778221                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.ipc                     0.264675                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus10.ipc_total               0.264675                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_reads        5189369                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.int_regfile_writes       1555306                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_reads       1188844                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus10.misc_regfile_writes          260                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus11.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus11.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus11.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus11.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus11.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus11.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus11.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.lookups         211867                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condPredicted       190749                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13128                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101143                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74055                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11487                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus11.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2242611                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Insts              1330693                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Branches            211867                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.predictedBranches        85542                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.Cycles              262335                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.SquashCycles         41849                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.BlockedCycles       324800                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.CacheLines          130484                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.IcacheSquashes        12986                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::samples      2858139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.546890                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849048                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::0        2595804     90.82%     90.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::1           9158      0.32%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::2          18802      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::3           7966      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::4          42969      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::5          38757      1.36%     94.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::6           7501      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::7          15695      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::8         121487      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rateDist::total      2858139                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.branchRate        0.066607                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.fetch.rate              0.418347                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.IdleCycles        2221743                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BlockedCycles       346146                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus11.decode.RunCycles          261146                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus11.decode.UnblockCycles          926                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchResolved        18756                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus11.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus11.decode.DecodedInsts      1559570                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus11.rename.SquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IdleCycles        2225145                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus11.rename.BlockCycles        296171                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializeStallCycles        39961                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RunCycles          258925                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UnblockCycles         9759                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedInsts      1557348                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus11.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.IQFullEvents         4404                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.LSQFullEvents         3585                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus11.rename.FullRegisterEvents           85                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenamedOperands      1834374                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.RenameLookups      7330257                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus11.rename.int_rename_lookups      7330257                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus11.rename.CommittedMaps      1586283                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.UndoneMaps         248086                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus11.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.tempSerializingInsts          109                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus11.rename.skidInsts           25478                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedLoads       365707                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.insertedStores       183563                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1823                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus11.memDep0.conflictingStores         8910                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsAdded          1552028                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          202                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqInstsIssued         1479798                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1267                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       142976                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349501                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus11.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           21                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2858139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.517749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306757                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2325451     81.36%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163476      5.72%     87.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       131905      4.62%     91.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56429      1.97%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        70830      2.48%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67081      2.35%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38074      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3088      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1805      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2858139                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3633     11.10%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28281     86.39%     97.49% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          822      2.51%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       930212     62.86%     62.86% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12807      0.87%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           87      0.01%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.73% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354006     23.92%     87.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182686     12.35%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.FU_type_0::total      1479798                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus11.iq.rate                 0.465223                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32736                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022122                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5851738                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1695270                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1465027                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.int_alu_accesses      1512534                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2623                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18644                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           17                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           65                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2143                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus11.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewSquashCycles        28169                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewBlockCycles        289094                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2730                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1552238                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           39                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       365707                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183563                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          112                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1738                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus11.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           65                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6945                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8028                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus11.iew.branchMispredicts        14973                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1467997                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352582                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11801                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_nop                   8                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_refs             535225                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_branches         192029                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_stores           182643                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus11.iew.exec_rate           0.461513                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_sent              1465137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_count             1465027                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_producers          792464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_consumers         1565388                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_rate             0.460579                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_fanout           0.506241                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus11.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1179277                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitCommittedOps      1385498                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitSquashedInsts       166852                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus11.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branchMispredicts        13184                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2829970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489580                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304531                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2324466     82.14%     82.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       186276      6.58%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87209      3.08%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85008      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23279      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97652      3.45%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7416      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5404      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13260      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2829970                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedInsts      1179277                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.committedOps      1385498                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.refs               528480                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.loads              347060                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.branches           182917                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus11.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.int_insts         1231919                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.function_calls        13346                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_lim_events        13260                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus11.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_reads            4369047                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus11.rob.rob_writes           3132886                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus11.timesIdled                 49861                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus11.idleCycles                322696                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts           1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedOps             1385498                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.committedInsts_total      1179277                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus11.cpi                     2.697276                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus11.cpi_total               2.697276                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.ipc                     0.370744                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus11.ipc_total               0.370744                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_reads        7252530                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.int_regfile_writes       1704653                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_reads       1849767                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus11.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus12.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus12.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus12.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus12.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus12.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus12.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus12.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.lookups         276631                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condPredicted       230502                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        26911                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       108949                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBHits          98955                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.usedRAS          29422                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus12.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect         1263                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2404230                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Insts              1519286                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Branches            276631                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.predictedBranches       128377                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.Cycles              315678                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.SquashCycles         75684                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.BlockedCycles       189897                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.MiscStallCycles         5590                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           96                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.CacheLines          150791                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.IcacheSquashes        25597                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::samples      2964016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.630526                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.998456                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::0        2648338     89.35%     89.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::1          19064      0.64%     89.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::2          24178      0.82%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::3          38580      1.30%     92.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::4          15863      0.54%     92.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::5          20779      0.70%     93.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::6          24051      0.81%     94.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::7          11227      0.38%     94.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::8         161936      5.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rateDist::total      2964016                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.branchRate        0.086968                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.fetch.rate              0.477637                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.IdleCycles        2395648                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BlockedCycles       205839                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus12.decode.RunCycles          314045                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus12.decode.UnblockCycles          167                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchResolved        41745                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus12.decode.BranchMispred          215                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus12.decode.DecodedInsts      1856179                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.decode.SquashedInsts         1269                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus12.rename.SquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IdleCycles        2398626                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus12.rename.BlockCycles          7709                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializeStallCycles       190978                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RunCycles          311191                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UnblockCycles         7196                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedInsts      1843605                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus12.rename.ROBFullEvents            2                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.IQFullEvents          979                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.LSQFullEvents         4952                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenamedOperands      2575856                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.RenameLookups      8570691                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus12.rename.int_rename_lookups      8570691                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus12.rename.CommittedMaps      2122946                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.UndoneMaps         452847                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus12.rename.serializingInsts          439                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.tempSerializingInsts          228                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus12.rename.skidInsts           26306                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedLoads       174428                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.insertedStores        89147                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1046                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus12.memDep0.conflictingStores        20100                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsAdded          1797835                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          441                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqInstsIssued         1713094                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         2154                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       238568                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       504139                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus12.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           15                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2964016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.577964                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.302124                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2239007     75.54%     75.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       329777     11.13%     86.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       135144      4.56%     91.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        76594      2.58%     93.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::4       102150      3.45%     97.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        32489      1.10%     98.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        31101      1.05%     99.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::7        16436      0.55%     99.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1318      0.04%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2964016                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntAlu         11854     78.79%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     78.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemRead         1657     11.01%     89.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::MemWrite         1535     10.20%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1443568     84.27%     84.27% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        23203      1.35%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     85.62% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc          210      0.01%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     85.63% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       157442      9.19%     94.82% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        88671      5.18%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.FU_type_0::total      1713094                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus12.iq.rate                 0.538567                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_cnt             15046                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.008783                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      6407404                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      2036864                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1666848                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.int_alu_accesses      1728140                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1342                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        36488                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            1                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1577                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus12.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewSquashCycles        48311                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewBlockCycles          5848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewUnblockCycles          752                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1798277                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts         1379                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       174428                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        89147                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          229                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewIQFullEvents          652                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewLSQFullEvents            0                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus12.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        15307                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect        15412                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus12.iew.branchMispredicts        30719                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1682445                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       154608                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        30649                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_nop                   1                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_refs             243242                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_branches         237295                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_stores            88634                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus12.iew.exec_rate           0.528932                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_sent              1666886                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_count             1666848                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_producers          998943                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_consumers         2685150                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_rate             0.524028                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_fanout           0.372025                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus12.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1234847                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitCommittedOps      1521455                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitSquashedInsts       276770                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus12.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          425                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branchMispredicts        26931                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2915705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.521814                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.339599                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2271187     77.89%     77.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       326928     11.21%     89.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       118664      4.07%     93.18% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        58851      2.02%     95.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        53993      1.85%     97.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        22753      0.78%     97.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::6        22527      0.77%     98.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::7        10669      0.37%     98.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        30133      1.03%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2915705                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedInsts      1234847                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.committedOps      1521455                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.refs               225483                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.loads              137925                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.membars               212                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.branches           220518                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus12.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.int_insts         1369803                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.function_calls        31397                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_lim_events        30133                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus12.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_reads            4683784                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus12.rob.rob_writes           3644839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus12.timesIdled                 38385                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus12.idleCycles                216819                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts           1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedOps             1521455                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.committedInsts_total      1234847                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus12.cpi                     2.575894                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus12.cpi_total               2.575894                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.ipc                     0.388215                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus12.ipc_total               0.388215                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_reads        7567802                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.int_regfile_writes       2331694                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_reads       1714671                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus12.misc_regfile_writes          424                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus13.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus13.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus13.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus13.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus13.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus13.numCycles                3178875                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus13.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.lookups         221456                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condPredicted       196197                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19146                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       141968                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBHits         137647                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13631                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus13.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          622                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2299118                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Insts              1257132                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Branches            221456                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.predictedBranches       151278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.Cycles              278296                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.SquashCycles         62661                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.BlockedCycles        83003                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.CacheLines          140497                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18595                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::samples      2703811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.524210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.775028                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::0        2425515     89.71%     89.71% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::1          41122      1.52%     91.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::2          21698      0.80%     92.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::3          40564      1.50%     93.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::4          13339      0.49%     94.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::5          37450      1.39%     95.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::6           5974      0.22%     95.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::7          10487      0.39%     96.02% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::8         107662      3.98%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rateDist::total      2703811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.branchRate        0.069665                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.fetch.rate              0.395464                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.IdleCycles        2266148                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BlockedCycles       116787                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus13.decode.RunCycles          277562                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus13.decode.UnblockCycles          338                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashCycles        42970                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchResolved        21859                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus13.decode.BranchMispred          425                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus13.decode.DecodedInsts      1412407                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.decode.SquashedInsts         1771                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus13.rename.SquashCycles        42970                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IdleCycles        2270167                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus13.rename.BlockCycles         79267                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializeStallCycles        25577                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RunCycles          273794                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UnblockCycles        12030                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedInsts      1409584                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus13.rename.ROBFullEvents           17                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.IQFullEvents         1285                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.LSQFullEvents         9722                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenamedOperands      1854355                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.RenameLookups      6397172                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus13.rename.int_rename_lookups      6397172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus13.rename.CommittedMaps      1476803                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.UndoneMaps         377433                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus13.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus13.rename.skidInsts           25715                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedLoads       248629                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.insertedStores        42554                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingLoads          347                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus13.memDep0.conflictingStores         9380                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsAdded          1400165                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          204                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqInstsIssued         1300652                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1440                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       268600                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       570637                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus13.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            7                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2703811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.481044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.099444                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2134846     78.96%     78.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       183134      6.77%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       185249      6.85%     92.58% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       108335      4.01%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58563      2.17%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15462      0.57%     99.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17454      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          415      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          353      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2703811                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2379     57.80%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.80% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemRead          968     23.52%     81.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          769     18.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1022975     78.65%     78.65% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10501      0.81%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.46% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           95      0.01%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.47% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225172     17.31%     96.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        41909      3.22%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.FU_type_0::total      1300652                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus13.iq.rate                 0.409155                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4116                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003165                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5310671                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1668990                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1265416                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.int_alu_accesses      1304768                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1043                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53408                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           21                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1704                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus13.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewSquashCycles        42970                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewBlockCycles         64334                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1298                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1400373                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          190                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       248629                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        42554                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          106                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewIQFullEvents          538                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           24                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus13.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           21                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11406                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8824                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus13.iew.branchMispredicts        20230                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1281965                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221365                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18687                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_nop                   4                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_refs             263247                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_branches         194172                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_stores            41882                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus13.iew.exec_rate           0.403276                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_sent              1265985                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_count             1265416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_producers          764918                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_consumers         1692071                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_rate             0.398070                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_fanout           0.452060                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus13.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedInsts       999280                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitCommittedOps      1128778                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitSquashedInsts       271592                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus13.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branchMispredicts        18829                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2660841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.424219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.289481                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2238662     84.13%     84.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       166983      6.28%     90.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       106411      4.00%     94.41% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33217      1.25%     95.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55137      2.07%     97.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11245      0.42%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7236      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6467      0.24%     98.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35483      1.33%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2660841                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedInsts       999280                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.committedOps      1128778                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.refs               236048                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.loads              195207                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.branches           173175                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus13.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.int_insts          987321                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.function_calls        14511                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_lim_events        35483                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus13.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_reads            4025715                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus13.rob.rob_writes           2843840                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus13.timesIdled                 52392                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus13.idleCycles                475064                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts            999280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedOps             1128778                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.committedInsts_total       999280                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus13.cpi                     3.181165                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus13.cpi_total               3.181165                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.ipc                     0.314350                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus13.ipc_total               0.314350                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_reads        5947962                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.int_regfile_writes       1654936                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_reads       1488261                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus13.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus14.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus14.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus14.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus14.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus14.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus14.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus14.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.lookups         222834                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condPredicted       197300                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        19227                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       142553                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBHits         138239                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.usedRAS          13830                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus14.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          647                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2310116                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Insts              1264077                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Branches            222834                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.predictedBranches       152069                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.Cycles              280072                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.SquashCycles         62892                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.BlockedCycles        77971                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.CacheLines          141186                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.IcacheSquashes        18671                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::samples      2711702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.525887                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.777614                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::0        2431630     89.67%     89.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::1          41441      1.53%     91.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::2          21879      0.81%     92.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::3          40781      1.50%     93.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::4          13489      0.50%     94.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::5          37580      1.39%     95.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::6           6062      0.22%     95.62% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::7          10442      0.39%     96.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::8         108398      4.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rateDist::total      2711702                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.branchRate        0.070055                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.fetch.rate              0.397404                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.IdleCycles        2277227                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BlockedCycles       111672                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus14.decode.RunCycles          279340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus14.decode.UnblockCycles          341                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchResolved        22107                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus14.decode.BranchMispred          427                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus14.decode.DecodedInsts      1421117                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.decode.SquashedInsts         1783                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus14.rename.SquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IdleCycles        2281241                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus14.rename.BlockCycles         73259                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializeStallCycles        26598                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RunCycles          275565                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UnblockCycles        11917                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedInsts      1418126                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus14.rename.ROBFullEvents           10                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.IQFullEvents         1276                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.LSQFullEvents         9626                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenamedOperands      1866544                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.RenameLookups      6437272                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus14.rename.int_rename_lookups      6437272                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus14.rename.CommittedMaps      1487570                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.UndoneMaps         378952                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus14.rename.serializingInsts          202                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.tempSerializingInsts          107                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus14.rename.skidInsts           25572                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedLoads       249028                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.insertedStores        43073                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingLoads          394                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus14.memDep0.conflictingStores         9485                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsAdded          1408681                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          203                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqInstsIssued         1308879                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1487                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       269304                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       571423                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus14.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved            6                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2711702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.482678                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.100672                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2138733     78.87%     78.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       184612      6.81%     85.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       186800      6.89%     92.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::3       109076      4.02%     96.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        58508      2.16%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        15580      0.57%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        17606      0.65%     99.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::7          425      0.02%     99.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::8          362      0.01%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2711702                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          2392     57.86%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     57.86% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemRead          970     23.46%     81.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          772     18.67%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu      1030037     78.70%     78.70% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        10609      0.81%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           96      0.01%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.51% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       225708     17.24%     96.76% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite        42429      3.24%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.FU_type_0::total      1308879                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus14.iq.rate                 0.411489                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_cnt              4134                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.003158                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5335079                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1678208                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1273698                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.int_alu_accesses      1313013                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         1151                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        53090                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses            3                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           22                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         1773                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads            0                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus14.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewSquashCycles        43116                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewBlockCycles         58252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewUnblockCycles         1330                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1408890                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts          187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       249028                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispStoreInsts        43073                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          105                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewIQFullEvents          571                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           19                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus14.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           22                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect        11499                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8870                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus14.iew.branchMispredicts        20369                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1290156                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       221992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        18721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_nop                   6                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_refs             264398                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_branches         195436                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_stores            42406                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus14.iew.exec_rate           0.405603                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_sent              1274270                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_count             1273698                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_producers          770038                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_consumers         1706181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_rate             0.400429                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_fanout           0.451323                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus14.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1005526                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitCommittedOps      1136563                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitSquashedInsts       272394                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus14.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          197                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branchMispredicts        18908                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2668586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.425905                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.291238                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2243148     84.06%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       168324      6.31%     90.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::2       107411      4.03%     94.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        33499      1.26%     95.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        55402      2.08%     97.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        11370      0.43%     98.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7253      0.27%     98.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         6488      0.24%     98.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        35691      1.34%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2668586                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedInsts      1005526                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.committedOps      1136563                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.refs               237238                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.loads              195938                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.membars                98                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.branches           174330                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus14.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.int_insts          994315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.function_calls        14677                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_lim_events        35691                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus14.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_reads            4041839                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus14.rob.rob_writes           2861075                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus14.timesIdled                 52486                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus14.idleCycles                469133                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts           1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedOps             1136563                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.committedInsts_total      1005526                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus14.cpi                     3.163354                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus14.cpi_total               3.163354                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.ipc                     0.316120                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus14.ipc_total               0.316120                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_reads        5985188                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.int_regfile_writes       1666434                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_reads       1496263                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus14.misc_regfile_writes          196                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.dtb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_hits                  0                       # ITB inst hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_misses                0                       # ITB inst misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_hits                  0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_misses                0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_hits                 0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_misses               0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb                  0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva              0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_tlb_asid             0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.switch_cpus15.itb.flush_entries              0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.switch_cpus15.itb.align_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.switch_cpus15.itb.domain_faults              0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.perms_faults               0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.switch_cpus15.itb.read_accesses              0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.write_accesses             0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.inst_accesses              0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.hits                       0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.itb.misses                     0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus15.itb.accesses                   0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.workload.num_syscalls                  1                       # Number of system calls
system.switch_cpus15.numCycles                3180835                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus15.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.lookups         212401                       # Number of BP lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condPredicted       191154                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.condIncorrect        13177                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBLookups       101503                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBHits          74319                       # Number of BTB hits
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.usedRAS          11579                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.switch_cpus15.BPredUnit.RASInCorrect          597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.icacheStallCycles      2247410                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Insts              1333755                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Branches            212401                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.predictedBranches        85898                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.Cycles              263103                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.SquashCycles         41925                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.BlockedCycles       324993                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent blocked
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.CacheLines          130802                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.IcacheSquashes        13036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::samples      2863927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::mean     0.547132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::stdev     1.849338                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::0        2600824     90.81%     90.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::1           9223      0.32%     91.14% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::2          19022      0.66%     91.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::3           7999      0.28%     92.08% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::4          42980      1.50%     93.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::5          38796      1.35%     94.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::6           7577      0.26%     95.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::7          15729      0.55%     95.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::8         121777      4.25%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::min_value            0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::max_value            8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rateDist::total      2863927                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.branchRate        0.066775                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.fetch.rate              0.419310                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.IdleCycles        2226509                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BlockedCycles       346375                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.switch_cpus15.decode.RunCycles          261908                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.switch_cpus15.decode.UnblockCycles          929                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashCycles        28197                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchResolved        18862                       # Number of times decode resolved a branch
system.switch_cpus15.decode.BranchMispred          225                       # Number of times decode detected a branch misprediction
system.switch_cpus15.decode.DecodedInsts      1563411                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.decode.SquashedInsts         1365                       # Number of squashed instructions handled by decode
system.switch_cpus15.rename.SquashCycles        28197                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IdleCycles        2229912                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.switch_cpus15.rename.BlockCycles        300595                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializeStallCycles        35956                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RunCycles          259725                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UnblockCycles         9533                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedInsts      1561181                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.switch_cpus15.rename.ROBFullEvents           21                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.IQFullEvents         4158                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.LSQFullEvents         3519                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LSQ full
system.switch_cpus15.rename.FullRegisterEvents          198                       # Number of times there has been no free registers
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenamedOperands      1839702                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.RenameLookups      7348161                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.switch_cpus15.rename.int_rename_lookups      7348161                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.switch_cpus15.rename.CommittedMaps      1590987                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.UndoneMaps         248715                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.switch_cpus15.rename.serializingInsts          198                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.tempSerializingInsts          108                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.switch_cpus15.rename.skidInsts           25174                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedLoads       366123                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.insertedStores       183767                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingLoads         1818                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.switch_cpus15.memDep0.conflictingStores         8954                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsAdded          1555907                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded          201                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqInstsIssued         1483696                       # Number of instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued         1298                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined       143598                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined       349207                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.switch_cpus15.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           20                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples      2863927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean     0.518063                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev     1.306595                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::0      2329639     81.34%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::1       163870      5.72%     87.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::2       132298      4.62%     91.69% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::3        56945      1.99%     93.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::4        71111      2.48%     96.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::5        67149      2.34%     98.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::6        38000      1.33%     99.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::7         3114      0.11%     99.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::8         1801      0.06%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      2863927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntAlu          3621     11.06%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IntDiv             0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShift            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     11.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemRead        28296     86.45%     97.52% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::MemWrite          813      2.48%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu       933461     62.91%     62.91% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult        12870      0.87%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     63.78% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc           88      0.01%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     63.79% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead       354381     23.89%     87.67% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite       182896     12.33%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.FU_type_0::total      1483696                       # Type of FU issued
system.switch_cpus15.iq.rate                 0.466449                       # Inst issue rate
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_cnt             32730                       # FU busy when requested
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fu_busy_rate         0.022060                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_reads      5865347                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_writes      1699771                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses      1468850                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses            0                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.int_alu_accesses      1516426                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iq.fp_alu_accesses             0                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         2639                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        18738                       # Number of loads squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           18                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation           66                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         2129                       # Number of stores squashed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads          131                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.switch_cpus15.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked            0                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIdleCycles              0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewSquashCycles        28197                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewBlockCycles        293770                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewUnblockCycles         2650                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispatchedInsts      1556117                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts           48                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispLoadInsts       366123                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispStoreInsts       183767                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts          111                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewIQFullEvents         1628                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewLSQFullEvents           11                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.switch_cpus15.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           66                       # Number of memory order violations
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect         6983                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         8045                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.switch_cpus15.iew.branchMispredicts        15028                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecutedInsts      1471826                       # Number of executed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecLoadInsts       352979                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts        11870                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_swp                   0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_nop                   9                       # number of nop insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_refs             535831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_branches         192539                       # Number of branches executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_stores           182852                       # Number of stores executed
system.switch_cpus15.iew.exec_rate           0.462717                       # Inst execution rate
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_sent              1468958                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_count             1468850                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_producers          794921                       # num instructions producing a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_consumers         1571654                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized               0                       # number of instrctions required to write to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_rate             0.461781                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_fanout           0.505786                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.switch_cpus15.iew.wb_penalized_rate            0                       # fraction of instructions written-back that wrote to 'other' IQ
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedInsts      1182033                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitCommittedOps      1388962                       # The number of committed instructions
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitSquashedInsts       167274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.switch_cpus15.commit.commitNonSpecStalls          181                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branchMispredicts        13231                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples      2835730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     0.489808                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     1.304803                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::0      2328738     82.12%     82.12% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::1       187002      6.59%     88.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::2        87543      3.09%     91.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::3        85208      3.00%     94.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::4        23303      0.82%     95.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::5        97706      3.45%     99.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::6         7448      0.26%     99.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::7         5436      0.19%     99.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::8        13346      0.47%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committed_per_cycle::total      2835730                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedInsts      1182033                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.committedOps      1388962                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.swp_count               0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.refs               529023                       # Number of memory references committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.loads              347385                       # Number of loads committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.membars                90                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.branches           183424                       # Number of branches committed
system.switch_cpus15.commit.fp_insts                0                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.int_insts         1235063                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.function_calls        13433                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_lim_events        13346                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.switch_cpus15.commit.bw_limited              0                       # number of insts not committed due to BW limits
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_reads            4378607                       # The number of ROB reads
system.switch_cpus15.rob.rob_writes           3140679                       # The number of ROB writes
system.switch_cpus15.timesIdled                 49907                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.switch_cpus15.idleCycles                316908                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts           1182033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedOps             1388962                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.committedInsts_total      1182033                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.switch_cpus15.cpi                     2.690987                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.switch_cpus15.cpi_total               2.690987                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.ipc                     0.371611                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.switch_cpus15.ipc_total               0.371611                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_reads        7270077                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.int_regfile_writes       1709943                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_reads       1853357                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.switch_cpus15.misc_regfile_writes          180                       # number of misc regfile writes
system.l200.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l200.tagsinuse                     2047.367045                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l200.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l200.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l200.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.324332                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.469994                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   119.077938                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_blocks::cpu00.data        1883.494781                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l200.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.007554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.058144                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::cpu00.data          0.919675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.occ_percent::total               0.999691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.demand_miss_latency::total      251500045                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56184535                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    195315510                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.overall_miss_latency::total     251500045                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2160943.653846                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 860420.748899                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 994071.324111                       # average overall miss latency
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l200.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l200.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l200.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     53901735                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    175381665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    229283400                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.453744                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.498024                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.453744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.498024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2073143.653846                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 772606.453744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 906258.498024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l200.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l201.replacements                          449                       # number of replacements
system.l201.tagsinuse                     2047.606375                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l201.total_refs                         127558                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.sampled_refs                         2497                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.avg_refs                        51.084501                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l201.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l201.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.557437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    24.758026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   213.017673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_blocks::cpu01.data        1804.273238                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l201.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002714                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.012089                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.104013                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::cpu01.data          0.880993                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.occ_percent::total               0.999808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          474                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.ReadReq_hits::total                   475                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data          476                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.demand_hits::total                    477                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data          476                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.overall_hits::total                   477                       # number of overall hits
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadReq_misses::total                 448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.demand_misses::total                  449                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data          423                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.overall_misses::total                 449                       # number of overall misses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64988403                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    418902033                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     483890436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1774714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      1774714                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64988403                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420676747                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.demand_miss_latency::total      485665150                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     64988403                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    420676747                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.overall_miss_latency::total     485665150                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          896                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadReq_accesses::total               923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.demand_accesses::total                926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.overall_accesses::total               926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470982                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.485374                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_miss_rate::total          0.484881                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_miss_rate::total         0.484881                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2499553.961538                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 992658.845972                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1080112.580357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1774714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      1774714                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2499553.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 994507.676123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1081659.576837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2499553.961538                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 994507.676123                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1081659.576837                       # average overall miss latency
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l201.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l201.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l201.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          422                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.demand_mshr_misses::total             449                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.overall_mshr_misses::total            449                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62705603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    381844295                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    444549898                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1686914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1686914                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62705603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    383531209                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    446236812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     62705603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    383531209                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    446236812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470982                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.485374                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470523                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.470523                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.484881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2411753.961538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 904844.300948                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 992298.879464                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1686914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      1686914                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2411753.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 906693.165485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993845.906459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2411753.961538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 906693.165485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993845.906459                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l201.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l202.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l202.tagsinuse                     2047.257121                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l202.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l202.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l202.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416065                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    19.059908                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data    53.471981                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_blocks::cpu02.data        1934.309168                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l202.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.026109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::cpu02.data          0.944487                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.demand_miss_latency::total      200419599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    104898700                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     95520899                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.overall_miss_latency::total     200419599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3885137.037037                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 974703.051020                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1603356.792000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l202.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l202.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l202.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    102528100                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data     86916499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189444599                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3797337.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 886903.051020                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515556.792000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l202.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l203.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l203.tagsinuse                     2047.257568                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l203.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l203.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l203.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416283                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    19.032542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data    53.343248                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_blocks::cpu03.data        1934.465494                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l203.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.009293                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.026047                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::cpu03.data          0.944563                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102228231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98128205                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     200356436                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102228231                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98128205                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.demand_miss_latency::total      200356436                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102228231                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     98128205                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.overall_miss_latency::total     200356436                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3786230.777778                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001308.214286                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1602851.488000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3786230.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001308.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1602851.488000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3786230.777778                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 1001308.214286                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1602851.488000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l203.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l203.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l203.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99856932                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89521423                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    189378355                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99856932                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89521423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    189378355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst     99856932                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data     89521423                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    189378355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3698404.888889                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913483.908163                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515026.840000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3698404.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913483.908163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515026.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3698404.888889                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 913483.908163                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1515026.840000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l203.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l204.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l204.tagsinuse                     2047.257677                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l204.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l204.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l204.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416671                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    19.048227                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data    53.411605                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_blocks::cpu04.data        1934.381174                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l204.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.009301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.026080                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::cpu04.data          0.944522                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104984960                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96118171                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     201103131                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104984960                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96118171                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.demand_miss_latency::total      201103131                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    104984960                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     96118171                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.overall_miss_latency::total     201103131                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3888331.851852                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980797.663265                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1608825.048000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3888331.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980797.663265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1608825.048000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3888331.851852                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 980797.663265                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1608825.048000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l204.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l204.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l204.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102614360                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87511986                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    190126346                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102614360                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87511986                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    190126346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    102614360                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data     87511986                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    190126346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3800531.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892979.448980                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521010.768000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3800531.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892979.448980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521010.768000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3800531.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 892979.448980                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1521010.768000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l204.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l205.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l205.tagsinuse                     2047.257237                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l205.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l205.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l205.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416750                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    19.055553                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data    53.462495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_blocks::cpu05.data        1934.322439                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l205.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.009304                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.026105                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::cpu05.data          0.944493                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.ReadReq_misses::total                 126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.demand_misses::total                  126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.overall_misses::total                 126                       # number of overall misses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.demand_miss_latency::total      199431471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107081183                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     92350288                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.overall_miss_latency::total     199431471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadReq_accesses::total               496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.demand_accesses::total                499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.overall_accesses::total               499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3965969.740741                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 932831.191919                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1582789.452381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l205.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l205.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l205.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.demand_mshr_misses::total             126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.overall_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    104710583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data     83745888                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    188456471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.211991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3878169.740741                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 845918.060606                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1495686.277778                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l205.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l206.replacements                          252                       # number of replacements
system.l206.tagsinuse                     2047.371368                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l206.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.sampled_refs                         2300                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.avg_refs                        34.098696                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l206.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l206.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.328852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.441083                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   118.985421                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_blocks::cpu06.data        1883.616012                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l206.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014321                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.007540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.058098                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::cpu06.data          0.919734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.occ_percent::total               0.999693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63239668                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199462543                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     262702211                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63239668                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199462543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.demand_miss_latency::total      262702211                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63239668                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    199462543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.overall_miss_latency::total     262702211                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2432294.923077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878689.616740                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1038348.660079                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2432294.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878689.616740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1038348.660079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2432294.923077                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 878689.616740                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1038348.660079                       # average overall miss latency
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l206.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l206.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l206.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60956706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179522396                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    240479102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60956706                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179522396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    240479102                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     60956706                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    179522396                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    240479102                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2344488.692308                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790847.559471                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950510.284585                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2344488.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790847.559471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950510.284585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2344488.692308                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 790847.559471                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 950510.284585                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l206.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l207.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l207.tagsinuse                     2047.379764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l207.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l207.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l207.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.332918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.472862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   118.554739                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_blocks::cpu07.data        1884.019245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l207.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.007555                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.057888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::cpu07.data          0.919931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.occ_percent::total               0.999697                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189417488                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245167018                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189417488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.demand_miss_latency::total      245167018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     55749530                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    189417488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.overall_miss_latency::total     245167018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841855.502222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 976761.027888                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841855.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 976761.027888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2144212.692308                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 841855.502222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 976761.027888                       # average overall miss latency
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l207.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l207.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l207.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169660608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223126371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169660608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223126371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     53465763                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    169660608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223126371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 754047.146667                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888949.685259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 754047.146667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888949.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2056375.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 754047.146667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 888949.685259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l207.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l208.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l208.tagsinuse                     2047.258772                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l208.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l208.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l208.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.417889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    19.027542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data    53.367354                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_blocks::cpu08.data        1934.445986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l208.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019735                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.009291                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.026058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::cpu08.data          0.944554                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.occ_percent::total               0.999638                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.ReadReq_misses::total                 125                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.demand_misses::total                  125                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.overall_misses::total                 125                       # number of overall misses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111832409                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     210833911                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111832409                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.demand_miss_latency::total      210833911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    111832409                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     99001502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.overall_miss_latency::total     210833911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadReq_accesses::total               495                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.demand_accesses::total                498                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.overall_accesses::total               498                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.252525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_miss_rate::total          0.251004                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_miss_rate::total         0.251004                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4141941.074074                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010219.408163                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1686671.288000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4141941.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010219.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1686671.288000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4141941.074074                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 1010219.408163                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1686671.288000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l208.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l208.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l208.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.demand_mshr_misses::total             125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data           98                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.overall_mshr_misses::total            125                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109461809                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90394794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    199856603                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109461809                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90394794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    199856603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    109461809                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data     90394794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    199856603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.210300                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252525                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.208955                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.251004                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054141.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922395.857143                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598852.824000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054141.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922395.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598852.824000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4054141.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 922395.857143                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1598852.824000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l208.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l209.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l209.tagsinuse                     2047.381235                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l209.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l209.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l209.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.333473                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.466724                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   118.454271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_blocks::cpu09.data        1884.126766                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l209.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014323                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.007552                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.057839                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::cpu09.data          0.919984                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.occ_percent::total               0.999698                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     245325232                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.demand_miss_latency::total      245325232                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54218107                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    191107125                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.overall_miss_latency::total     245325232                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2085311.807692                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       849365                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 977391.362550                       # average overall miss latency
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l209.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l209.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l209.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234035                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234035                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     51927057                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    171234035                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    223161092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761040.155556                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889088.015936                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761040.155556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889088.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1997194.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 761040.155556                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 889088.015936                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l209.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l210.replacements                          646                       # number of replacements
system.l210.tagsinuse                     2043.231102                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l210.total_refs                          96464                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.sampled_refs                         2688                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.avg_refs                        35.886905                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l210.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l210.occ_blocks::writebacks         130.307529                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    23.062427                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   260.518989                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_blocks::cpu10.data        1629.342158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l210.occ_percent::writebacks          0.063627                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.011261                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.127207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::cpu10.data          0.795577                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.occ_percent::total               0.997671                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          392                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.ReadReq_hits::total                   393                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::writebacks            453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.Writeback_hits::total                 453                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.demand_hits::total                    395                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data          394                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.overall_hits::total                   395                       # number of overall hits
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadReq_misses::total                 575                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_misses::total                69                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.demand_misses::total                  644                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.overall_misses::total                 644                       # number of overall misses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    584804595                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     645747687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65008440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     65008440                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    649813035                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.demand_miss_latency::total      710756127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     60943092                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    649813035                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.overall_miss_latency::total     710756127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          942                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadReq_accesses::total               968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.Writeback_accesses::total             453                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.ReadExReq_accesses::total              71                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.demand_accesses::total               1039                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.overall_accesses::total              1039                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.583864                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.594008                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.971831                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_miss_rate::total          0.619827                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_miss_rate::total         0.619827                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1063281.081818                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1123039.455652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 942151.304348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 942151.304348                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1049778.731826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1103658.582298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2437723.680000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 1049778.731826                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1103658.582298                       # average overall miss latency
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l210.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l210.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l210.writebacks::writebacks                349                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.writebacks::total                     349                       # number of writebacks
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          550                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            575                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           69                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.demand_mshr_misses::total             644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           25                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          619                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.overall_mshr_misses::total            644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    536514595                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    595262687                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     58950240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     58950240                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    595464835                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    654212927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     58748092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    595464835                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    654212927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.583864                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.594008                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.971831                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619827                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.961538                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.611056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.619827                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 975481.081818                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1035239.455652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 854351.304348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 854351.304348                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961978.731826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015858.582298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2349923.680000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 961978.731826                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1015858.582298                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l210.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l211.replacements                          447                       # number of replacements
system.l211.tagsinuse                     2047.583480                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l211.total_refs                         127560                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.sampled_refs                         2495                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.avg_refs                        51.126253                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l211.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l211.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.534264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    25.468892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   210.868901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_blocks::cpu11.data        1805.711423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l211.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002702                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.012436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.102963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::cpu11.data          0.881695                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.occ_percent::total               0.999797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data          476                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.ReadReq_hits::total                   477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.demand_hits::total                    479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data          478                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.overall_hits::total                   479                       # number of overall hits
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadReq_misses::total                 446                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.demand_misses::total                  447                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.overall_misses::total                 447                       # number of overall misses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69065478                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    413082548                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     482148026                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69065478                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415496458                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.demand_miss_latency::total      484561936                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69065478                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    415496458                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.overall_miss_latency::total     484561936                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadReq_accesses::total               923                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.demand_accesses::total                926                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.overall_accesses::total               926                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483207                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557980.666667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 985877.202864                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1081049.385650                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413910                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557980.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989277.280952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1084031.176734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2557980.666667                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 989277.280952                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1084031.176734                       # average overall miss latency
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l211.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l211.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l211.writebacks::writebacks                 92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.writebacks::total                      92                       # number of writebacks
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          419                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            446                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.demand_mshr_misses::total             447                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          420                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.overall_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66694316                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    376283646                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    442977962                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66694316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378609756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    445304072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     66694316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    378609756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    445304072                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.468156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.467706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482721                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2470159.851852                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 898051.661098                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 993224.130045                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326110                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2470159.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901451.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996205.977629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2470159.851852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 901451.800000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 996205.977629                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l211.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l212.replacements                          125                       # number of replacements
system.l212.tagsinuse                     2047.256959                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l212.total_refs                         151406                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.sampled_refs                         2172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.avg_refs                        69.708103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l212.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l212.occ_blocks::writebacks          40.416200                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    19.060935                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data    53.499626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_blocks::cpu12.data        1934.280199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l212.occ_percent::writebacks          0.019734                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.009307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.026123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::cpu12.data          0.944473                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.occ_percent::total               0.999637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          368                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.ReadReq_hits::total                   370                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::writebacks            111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.Writeback_hits::total                 111                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data          371                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.demand_hits::total                    373                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst            2                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data          371                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.overall_hits::total                   373                       # number of overall hits
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.ReadReq_misses::total                 126                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.demand_misses::total                  126                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.overall_misses::total                 126                       # number of overall misses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91591159                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     197512247                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91591159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.demand_miss_latency::total      197512247                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    105921088                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     91591159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.overall_miss_latency::total     197512247                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          467                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadReq_accesses::total               496                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.Writeback_accesses::total             111                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.demand_accesses::total                499                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.overall_accesses::total               499                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.211991                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.254032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_miss_rate::total          0.252505                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_miss_rate::total         0.252505                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925163.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1567557.515873                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925163.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1567557.515873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3923003.259259                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 925163.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1567557.515873                       # average overall miss latency
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l212.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l212.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l212.writebacks::writebacks                 69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.writebacks::total                      69                       # number of writebacks
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.demand_mshr_misses::total             126                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data           99                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.overall_mshr_misses::total            126                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82986329                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    186536817                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82986329                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    186536817                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    103550488                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data     82986329                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    186536817                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.211991                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.254032                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.931034                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.210638                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.252505                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838245.747475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480450.928571                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838245.747475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480450.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3835203.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 838245.747475                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1480450.928571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l212.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l213.replacements                          251                       # number of replacements
system.l213.tagsinuse                     2047.368908                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l213.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.sampled_refs                         2299                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.avg_refs                        34.113528                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l213.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l213.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.327061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.449100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   119.084144                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_blocks::cpu13.data        1883.508603                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l213.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014320                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.007544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.058147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::cpu13.data          0.919682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.occ_percent::total               0.999692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.ReadReq_misses::total                 253                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.demand_misses::total                  253                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.overall_misses::total                 253                       # number of overall misses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50648741                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197720532                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     248369273                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50648741                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197720532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.demand_miss_latency::total      248369273                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50648741                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    197720532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.overall_miss_latency::total     248369273                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadReq_accesses::total               670                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.demand_accesses::total                673                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data          646                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.overall_accesses::total               673                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353033                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.377612                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_miss_rate::total          0.375929                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351393                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_miss_rate::total         0.375929                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1948028.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871015.559471                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 981696.731225                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1948028.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871015.559471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 981696.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1948028.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 871015.559471                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 981696.731225                       # average overall miss latency
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l213.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l213.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l213.writebacks::writebacks                 36                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.writebacks::total                      36                       # number of writebacks
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.demand_mshr_misses::total             253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          227                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.overall_mshr_misses::total            253                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48365941                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177873783                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226239724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48365941                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177873783                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    226239724                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     48365941                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    177873783                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    226239724                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.353033                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.377612                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.351393                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375929                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1860228.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783584.947137                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894228.158103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1860228.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783584.947137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894228.158103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1860228.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 783584.947137                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 894228.158103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l213.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l214.replacements                          250                       # number of replacements
system.l214.tagsinuse                     2047.384273                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l214.total_refs                          78427                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.sampled_refs                         2298                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.avg_refs                        34.128372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l214.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l214.occ_blocks::writebacks          29.336685                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.452882                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   118.491118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_blocks::cpu14.data        1884.103589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l214.occ_percent::writebacks          0.014325                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.007545                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.057857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::cpu14.data          0.919972                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.occ_percent::total               0.999699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data          416                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.ReadReq_hits::total                   417                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::writebacks             80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.Writeback_hits::total                  80                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.ReadExReq_hits::total                   3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.demand_hits::total                    420                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data          419                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.overall_hits::total                   420                       # number of overall hits
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.ReadReq_misses::total                 251                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.demand_misses::total                  251                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.overall_misses::total                 251                       # number of overall misses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60594644                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191900534                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     252495178                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60594644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191900534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.demand_miss_latency::total      252495178                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60594644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    191900534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.overall_miss_latency::total     252495178                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadReq_accesses::total               668                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::writebacks           80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.Writeback_accesses::total              80                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.demand_accesses::total                671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.overall_accesses::total               671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.375749                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_miss_rate::total          0.374069                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_miss_rate::total         0.374069                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2330563.230769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852891.262222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1005956.884462                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2330563.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852891.262222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1005956.884462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2330563.230769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 852891.262222                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1005956.884462                       # average overall miss latency
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l214.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l214.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l214.writebacks::writebacks                 37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.writebacks::total                      37                       # number of writebacks
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.demand_mshr_misses::total             251                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          225                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.overall_mshr_misses::total            251                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58310313                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172140217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    230450530                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58310313                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172140217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    230450530                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     58310313                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    172140217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    230450530                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.351014                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.375749                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.962963                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.349379                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.374069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242704.346154                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765067.631111                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918129.601594                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242704.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765067.631111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918129.601594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2242704.346154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 765067.631111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 918129.601594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l214.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l215.replacements                          448                       # number of replacements
system.l215.tagsinuse                     2047.577726                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l215.total_refs                         127561                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.sampled_refs                         2496                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.avg_refs                        51.106170                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l215.warmup_cycle                            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l215.occ_blocks::writebacks           5.530440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    25.514334                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   211.286293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_blocks::cpu15.data        1805.246658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l215.occ_percent::writebacks          0.002700                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.012458                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.103167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::cpu15.data          0.881468                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.occ_percent::total               0.999794                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data          477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.ReadReq_hits::total                   478                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::writebacks            155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.Writeback_hits::total                 155                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data            2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.ReadExReq_hits::total                   2                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.demand_hits::total                    480                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst            1                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data          479                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.overall_hits::total                   480                       # number of overall hits
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data          420                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadReq_misses::total                 447                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_misses::total                 1                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.demand_misses::total                  448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.overall_misses::total                 448                       # number of overall misses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70629327                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    409851576                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     480480903                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2413824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total      2413824                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70629327                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412265400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.demand_miss_latency::total      482894727                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70629327                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    412265400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.overall_miss_latency::total     482894727                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          897                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadReq_accesses::total               925                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.Writeback_accesses::total             155                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.ReadExReq_accesses::total               3                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.demand_accesses::total                928                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data          900                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.overall_accesses::total               928                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.468227                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_miss_rate::total         0.483243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total       0.333333                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.467778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_miss_rate::total          0.482759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.467778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_miss_rate::total         0.482759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2615901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 975837.085714                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1074901.348993                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2413824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total      2413824                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2615901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 979252.731591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1077890.015625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2615901                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 979252.731591                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1077890.015625                       # average overall miss latency
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked_cycles::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_mshrs                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.blocked::no_targets                     0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l215.fast_writes                             0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l215.cache_copies                            0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l215.writebacks::writebacks                 93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.writebacks::total                      93                       # number of writebacks
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          420                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total            447                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.demand_mshr_misses::total             448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          421                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.overall_mshr_misses::total            448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68258727                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    372968398                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    441227125                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2326024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68258727                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    375294422                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    443553149                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     68258727                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    375294422                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    443553149                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.468227                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.483243                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.467778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.964286                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.467778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.482759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2528101                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 888019.995238                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 987085.290828                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2326024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total      2326024                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2528101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 891435.681710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 990073.993304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst      2528101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 891435.681710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 990073.993304                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l215.no_allocate_misses                      0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu00.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu00.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu00.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu00.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu00.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu00.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu00.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu00.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu00.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu00.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu00.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu00.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu00.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu00.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu00.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu00.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu00.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu00.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu00.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu00.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu00.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu00.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu00.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu00.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu00.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu00.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu00.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu00.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu00.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu00.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu00.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu00.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu00.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu00.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.icache.tagsinuse              542.471145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.icache.total_refs              750172843                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.avg_refs             1354102.604693                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.inst    15.738435                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_blocks::cpu00.inst   526.732710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.inst     0.025222                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::cpu00.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869345                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140646                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_hits::total         140646                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.inst       140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_hits::total        140646                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     85215869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140689                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_accesses::total       140689                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.inst       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_accesses::total       140689                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1981764.395349                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56466371                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.inst 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2091347.074074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu00.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu00.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu00.dcache.total_refs              171131166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_refs             189724.130820                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu00.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus00.data   154.869560                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu00.data   101.130440                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus00.data     0.604959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::cpu00.data     0.395041                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data       201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201493                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40669                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_hits::total         242162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus00.data       242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_hits::total        242162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2241                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus00.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_misses::total         2256                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus00.data         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_misses::total         2256                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1034289979                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284387                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1035574366                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40684                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus00.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244418                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus00.data       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244418                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011000                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009230                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 461530.557340                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85625.800000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 459031.190603                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu00.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu00.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus00.data         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus00.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    224514119                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    224706419                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003156                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus00.data     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002643                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 349166.592535                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus00.data 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 347842.753870                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu00.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu01.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu01.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu01.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu01.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu01.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu01.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu01.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu01.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu01.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu01.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu01.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu01.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu01.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu01.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu01.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu01.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu01.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu01.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu01.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu01.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu01.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu01.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu01.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu01.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu01.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu01.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu01.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu01.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu01.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu01.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu01.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu01.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu01.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu01.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.icache.tagsinuse              567.753504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.icache.total_refs              868078113                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.sampled_refs                  570                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.avg_refs             1522944.057895                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.inst    25.703231                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_blocks::cpu01.inst   542.050273                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.inst     0.041191                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::cpu01.inst     0.868670                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.occ_percent::total       0.909861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130155                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_hits::total         130155                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.inst       130155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_hits::total        130155                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103420612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    103420612                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103420612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    103420612                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst    103420612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    103420612                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130197                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_accesses::total       130197                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.inst       130197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_accesses::total       130197                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2462395.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2462395.523810                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2462395.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2462395.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2462395.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2462395.523810                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65277503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65277503                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65277503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     65277503                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst     65277503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     65277503                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.inst     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000207                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2417685.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417685.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2417685.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417685.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.inst 2417685.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2417685.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu01.dcache.replacements                  899                       # number of replacements
system.cpu01.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu01.dcache.total_refs              332249755                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.sampled_refs                 1155                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_refs             287662.125541                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu01.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus01.data   105.579034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu01.data   150.420966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus01.data     0.412418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::cpu01.data     0.587582                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       332490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332490                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data       181211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181211                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus01.data       513701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_hits::total         513701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus01.data       513701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_hits::total        513701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus01.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_misses::total         3281                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus01.data         3281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_misses::total         3281                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1723929768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1723929768                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      4086240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4086240                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1728016008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1728016008                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data   1728016008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1728016008                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       335763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335763                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       181219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181219                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          111                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus01.data           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           91                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       516982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_accesses::total       516982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus01.data       516982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_accesses::total       516982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.009748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009748                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 526712.425298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 526712.425298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data       510780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total       510780                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 526673.577568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 526673.577568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 526673.577568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 526673.577568                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu01.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu01.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2377                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2382                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus01.data         2382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2382                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          896                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus01.data          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          899                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    454646054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    454646054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data      1915384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      1915384                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456561438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    456561438                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data    456561438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    456561438                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002669                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001739                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus01.data     0.001739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001739                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 507417.470982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 507417.470982                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 638461.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 638461.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 507854.769744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 507854.769744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus01.data 507854.769744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 507854.769744                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu01.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu02.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu02.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu02.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu02.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu02.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu02.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu02.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu02.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu02.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu02.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu02.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu02.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu02.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu02.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu02.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu02.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu02.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu02.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu02.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu02.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu02.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu02.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu02.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu02.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu02.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu02.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu02.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu02.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu02.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu02.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu02.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu02.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu02.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu02.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.icache.tagsinuse              475.101704                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.icache.total_refs              847791033                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.avg_refs             1751634.365702                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.inst    20.101704                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_blocks::cpu02.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.inst     0.032214                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::cpu02.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150458                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_hits::total         150458                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.inst       150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_hits::total        150458                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    177646188                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150503                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_accesses::total       150503                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.inst       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_accesses::total       150503                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3947693.066667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3556710                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       592785                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105270053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.inst 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3630001.827586                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu02.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu02.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu02.dcache.total_refs              123781761                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_refs             170733.463448                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu02.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus02.data   153.611549                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu02.data   102.388451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus02.data     0.600045                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::cpu02.data     0.399955                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data       118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118254                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86968                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_hits::total         205222                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus02.data       205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_hits::total        205222                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus02.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus02.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    271544577                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751021                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    272295598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119444                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86976                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus02.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206420                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus02.data       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206420                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009963                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005804                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 228188.720168                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93877.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 227291.818030                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu02.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu02.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus02.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus02.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120400891                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208398                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120609289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003901                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus02.data     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002272                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258371.010730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69466                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus02.data 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 257162.663113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu02.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu03.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu03.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu03.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu03.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu03.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu03.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu03.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu03.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu03.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu03.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu03.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu03.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu03.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu03.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu03.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu03.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu03.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu03.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu03.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu03.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu03.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu03.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu03.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu03.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu03.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu03.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu03.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu03.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu03.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu03.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu03.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu03.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu03.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu03.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.icache.tagsinuse              475.070680                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.icache.total_refs              847790784                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.avg_refs             1751633.851240                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.inst    20.070680                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_blocks::cpu03.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.inst     0.032165                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::cpu03.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_hits::total         150209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.inst       150209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_hits::total        150209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178681794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    178681794                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178681794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    178681794                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    178681794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    178681794                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150254                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_accesses::total       150254                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.inst       150254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_accesses::total       150254                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3970706.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3970706.533333                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3970706.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3970706.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3970706.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3970706.533333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      4173092                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      1043273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102598148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    102598148                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102598148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    102598148                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst    102598148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    102598148                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3537867.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3537867.172414                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3537867.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3537867.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.inst 3537867.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3537867.172414                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu03.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu03.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu03.dcache.total_refs              123781163                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_refs             170732.638621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu03.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus03.data   153.557411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu03.data   102.442589                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus03.data     0.599834                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::cpu03.data     0.400166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data       117917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        117917                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data        86707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86707                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus03.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_hits::total         204624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus03.data       204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_hits::total        204624                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1202                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus03.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_misses::total         1210                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus03.data         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_misses::total         1210                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    276546503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    276546503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       750735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750735                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    277297238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    277297238                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    277297238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    277297238                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       119119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119119                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data        86715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86715                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus03.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       205834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_accesses::total       205834                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus03.data       205834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_accesses::total       205834                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.010091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005879                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 230071.965890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 230071.965890                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 93841.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93841.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 229171.271074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 229171.271074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 229171.271074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 229171.271074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu03.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu03.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          736                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus03.data          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          741                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus03.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123007972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123007972                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data       208383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208383                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123216355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    123216355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data    123216355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    123216355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003912                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus03.data     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002279                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 263965.605150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 263965.605150                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data        69461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69461                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 262721.439232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262721.439232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus03.data 262721.439232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 262721.439232                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu03.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu04.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu04.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu04.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu04.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu04.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu04.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu04.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu04.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu04.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu04.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu04.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu04.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu04.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu04.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu04.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu04.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu04.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu04.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu04.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu04.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu04.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu04.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu04.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu04.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu04.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu04.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu04.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu04.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu04.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu04.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu04.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu04.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu04.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu04.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.icache.tagsinuse              475.088937                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.icache.total_refs              847790869                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.avg_refs             1751634.026860                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.inst    20.088937                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_blocks::cpu04.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.inst     0.032194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::cpu04.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150294                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_hits::total         150294                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.inst       150294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_hits::total        150294                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           44                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_misses::total           44                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_misses::total           44                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175676518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    175676518                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175676518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    175676518                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    175676518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    175676518                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150338                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_accesses::total       150338                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.inst       150338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_accesses::total       150338                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3992648.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 3992648.136364                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3992648.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 3992648.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3992648.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 3992648.136364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3829705                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 638284.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    105354065                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    105354065                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst    105354065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    105354065                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3632898.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3632898.793103                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3632898.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3632898.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.inst 3632898.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3632898.793103                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu04.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu04.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu04.dcache.total_refs              123781536                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_refs             170733.153103                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu04.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus04.data   153.509707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu04.data   102.490293                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus04.data     0.599647                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::cpu04.data     0.400353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data       118129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118129                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data        86868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86868                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_hits::total         204997                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus04.data       204997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_hits::total        204997                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus04.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus04.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    272612283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    272612283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       751077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751077                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    273363360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    273363360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    273363360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    273363360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       119319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119319                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data        86876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86876                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus04.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus04.data       206195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009973                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005810                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 229085.952101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 229085.952101                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 93884.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93884.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228183.105175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 228183.105175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 228183.105175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 228183.105175                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu04.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu04.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus04.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus04.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    120992965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120992965                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data       208405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121201370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121201370                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data    121201370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121201370                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003905                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus04.data     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 259641.555794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 259641.555794                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 69468.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69468.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 258425.095949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258425.095949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus04.data 258425.095949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 258425.095949                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu04.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu05.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu05.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu05.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu05.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu05.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu05.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu05.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu05.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu05.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu05.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu05.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu05.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu05.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu05.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu05.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu05.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu05.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu05.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu05.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu05.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu05.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu05.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu05.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu05.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu05.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu05.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu05.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu05.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu05.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu05.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu05.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu05.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu05.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu05.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.icache.tagsinuse              475.097151                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.icache.total_refs              847791325                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.avg_refs             1751634.969008                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.inst    20.097151                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_blocks::cpu05.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.inst     0.032207                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::cpu05.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761374                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150750                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_hits::total         150750                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.inst       150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_hits::total        150750                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           45                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_misses::total           45                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_misses::total           45                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180608995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150795                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_accesses::total       150795                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.inst       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_accesses::total       150795                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4013533.222222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3825286                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637547.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    107451092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.inst 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3705210.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu05.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu05.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu05.dcache.total_refs              123782143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_refs             170733.990345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu05.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus05.data   153.567330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu05.data   102.432670                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus05.data     0.599872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::cpu05.data     0.400128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data       118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_hits::total         205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus05.data       205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_hits::total        205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus05.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_misses::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus05.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    261684789                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       750671                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    262435460                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus05.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus05.data       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 219534.218960                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93833.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 218696.216667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu05.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu05.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus05.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus05.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117228370                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208375                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117436745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus05.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 251024.346895                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69458.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus05.data 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249865.414894                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu05.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu06.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu06.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu06.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu06.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu06.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu06.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu06.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu06.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu06.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu06.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu06.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu06.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu06.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu06.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu06.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu06.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu06.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu06.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu06.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu06.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu06.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu06.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu06.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu06.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu06.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu06.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu06.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu06.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu06.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu06.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu06.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu06.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu06.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu06.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.icache.tagsinuse              542.442982                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.icache.total_refs              750172839                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.avg_refs             1354102.597473                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.inst    15.707891                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_blocks::cpu06.inst   526.735091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.inst     0.025173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::cpu06.inst     0.844127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140642                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_hits::total         140642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.inst       140642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_hits::total        140642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           43                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_misses::total           43                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_misses::total           43                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95456909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     95456909                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95456909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     95456909                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     95456909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     95456909                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140685                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_accesses::total       140685                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.inst       140685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_accesses::total       140685                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2219928.116279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2219928.116279                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2219928.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2219928.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2219928.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2219928.116279                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.inst           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           16                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63520606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     63520606                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63520606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     63520606                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst     63520606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     63520606                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2352615.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2352615.037037                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2352615.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2352615.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.inst 2352615.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2352615.037037                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu06.dcache.replacements                  646                       # number of replacements
system.cpu06.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu06.dcache.total_refs              171131034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.sampled_refs                  902                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_refs             189723.984479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu06.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus06.data   154.828580                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu06.data   101.171420                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus06.data     0.604799                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::cpu06.data     0.395201                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data       201334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201334                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40696                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_hits::total         242030                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus06.data       242030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_hits::total        242030                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus06.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_misses::total         2257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus06.data         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_misses::total         2257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1048120272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1048120272                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data      1284589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1284589                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1049404861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1049404861                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data   1049404861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1049404861                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       203576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203576                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40711                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          101                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus06.data           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244287                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus06.data       244287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244287                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011013                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000368                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.009239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 467493.430865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 467493.430865                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 85639.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 85639.266667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 464955.631812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 464955.631812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 464955.631812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 464955.631812                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu06.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu06.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1599                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus06.data         1611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1611                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus06.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228689950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    228689950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228882250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    228882250                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data    228882250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    228882250                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003159                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus06.data     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002644                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 355660.886470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 355660.886470                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 354306.888545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354306.888545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus06.data 354306.888545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 354306.888545                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu06.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu07.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu07.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu07.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu07.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu07.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu07.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu07.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu07.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu07.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu07.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu07.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu07.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu07.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu07.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu07.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu07.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu07.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu07.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu07.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu07.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu07.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu07.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu07.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu07.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu07.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu07.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu07.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu07.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu07.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu07.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu07.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu07.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu07.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu07.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.icache.tagsinuse              542.474014                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.icache.total_refs              750173453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.avg_refs             1354103.705776                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.inst    15.741564                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_blocks::cpu07.inst   526.732450                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.inst     0.025227                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::cpu07.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869349                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141256                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_hits::total         141256                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.inst       141256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_hits::total        141256                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     69364985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     69364985                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_accesses::total       141295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.inst       141295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_accesses::total       141295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1778589.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst     56030812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     56030812                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.inst 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2075215.259259                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu07.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu07.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu07.dcache.total_refs              171131695                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_refs             190146.327778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu07.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus07.data   155.047114                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu07.data   100.952886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus07.data     0.605653                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::cpu07.data     0.394347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data       201629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201629                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data        41065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41065                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_hits::total         242694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus07.data       242694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_hits::total        242694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus07.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_misses::total         2278                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus07.data         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_misses::total         2278                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    994318493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994318493                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data      1179691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179691                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995498184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995498184                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    995498184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995498184                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       203892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203892                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data        41080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41080                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus07.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus07.data       244972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.009299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 439380.686257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439380.686257                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 78646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78646.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437005.348551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 437005.348551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 437005.348551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 437005.348551                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu07.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu07.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus07.data         1634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1634                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus07.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218620651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    218620651                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218812951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    218812951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data    218812951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    218812951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003144                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus07.data     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002629                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 341061.858034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 341061.858034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339771.663043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339771.663043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus07.data 339771.663043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 339771.663043                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu07.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu08.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu08.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu08.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu08.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu08.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu08.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu08.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu08.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu08.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu08.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu08.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu08.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu08.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu08.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu08.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu08.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu08.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu08.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu08.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu08.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu08.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu08.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu08.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu08.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu08.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu08.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu08.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu08.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu08.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu08.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu08.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu08.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu08.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu08.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.icache.tagsinuse              475.066061                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.icache.total_refs              847790920                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.avg_refs             1751634.132231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.inst    20.066061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_blocks::cpu08.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.inst     0.032157                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::cpu08.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761324                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150345                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_hits::total         150345                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.inst       150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_hits::total        150345                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188308399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    188308399                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188308399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    188308399                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    188308399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    188308399                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150387                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_accesses::total       150387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.inst       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_accesses::total       150387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483533.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4483533.309524                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483533.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4483533.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 4483533.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4483533.309524                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3826763                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 637793.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112201524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112201524                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112201524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    112201524                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst    112201524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    112201524                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.inst     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869018.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869018.068966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869018.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869018.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.inst 3869018.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3869018.068966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu08.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu08.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu08.dcache.total_refs              123781605                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_refs             170733.248276                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu08.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus08.data   153.486813                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu08.data   102.513187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus08.data     0.599558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::cpu08.data     0.400442                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data       118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118166                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        86900                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_hits::total         205066                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus08.data       205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_hits::total        205066                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1190                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus08.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_misses::total         1198                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus08.data         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_misses::total         1198                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    279373729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    279373729                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751157                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280124886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    280124886                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    280124886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    280124886                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119356                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        86908                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus08.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206264                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus08.data       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206264                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009970                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005808                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 234767.839496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 234767.839496                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93894.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233827.116861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 233827.116861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 233827.116861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 233827.116861                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu08.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu08.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          724                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus08.data          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          729                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus08.data          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          469                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    123880259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    123880259                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208415                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124088674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    124088674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data    124088674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    124088674                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003904                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000035                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus08.data     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002274                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 265837.465665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 265837.465665                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69471.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264581.394456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264581.394456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus08.data 264581.394456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 264581.394456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu08.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu09.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu09.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu09.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu09.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu09.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu09.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu09.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu09.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu09.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu09.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu09.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu09.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu09.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu09.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu09.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu09.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu09.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu09.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu09.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu09.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu09.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu09.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu09.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu09.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu09.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu09.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu09.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu09.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu09.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu09.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu09.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu09.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu09.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu09.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.icache.tagsinuse              542.467859                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.icache.total_refs              750173601                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.avg_refs             1354103.972924                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.inst    15.734889                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_blocks::cpu09.inst   526.732970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.inst     0.025216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::cpu09.inst     0.844123                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141404                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_hits::total         141404                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.inst       141404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_hits::total        141404                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     67896312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     67896312                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141443                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_accesses::total       141443                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.inst       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_accesses::total       141443                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1740931.076923                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst     54499408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54499408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.inst 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2018496.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu09.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu09.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu09.dcache.total_refs              171131872                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_refs             190146.524444                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu09.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus09.data   154.955453                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu09.data   101.044547                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus09.data     0.605295                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::cpu09.data     0.394705                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data       201727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201727                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data        41144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41144                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_hits::total         242871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus09.data       242871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_hits::total        242871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2264                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus09.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_misses::total         2279                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus09.data         2279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_misses::total         2279                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    994122519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994122519                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data      1179976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179976                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    995302495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995302495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    995302495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995302495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       203991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203991                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data        41159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41159                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus09.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       245150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus09.data       245150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011099                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000364                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009296                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 439100.052562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 439100.052562                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 78665.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78665.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 436727.729267                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu09.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu09.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1623                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus09.data         1635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1635                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus09.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220310014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    220310014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220502314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    220502314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data    220502314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    220502314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003142                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus09.data     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002627                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 343697.369735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343697.369735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus09.data 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 342394.897516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu09.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu10.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu10.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu10.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu10.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu10.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu10.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu10.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu10.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu10.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu10.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu10.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu10.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu10.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu10.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu10.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu10.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu10.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu10.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu10.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu10.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu10.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu10.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu10.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu10.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu10.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu10.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu10.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu10.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu10.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu10.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu10.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu10.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu10.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu10.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.icache.tagsinuse              514.662870                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.icache.total_refs              849066043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.sampled_refs                  516                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.avg_refs             1645476.827519                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.inst    24.662870                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_blocks::cpu10.inst          490                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.inst     0.039524                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::cpu10.inst     0.785256                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.occ_percent::total       0.824780                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        105595                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_hits::total         105595                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.inst       105595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_hits::total        105595                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           38                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_misses::total           38                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_misses::total           38                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     86417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     86417250                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       105633                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_accesses::total       105633                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.inst       105633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_accesses::total       105633                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000360                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2274138.157895                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.inst           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           26                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst     61224006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     61224006                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.inst     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000246                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.inst 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2354769.461538                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu10.dcache.replacements                 1013                       # number of replacements
system.cpu10.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu10.dcache.total_refs              141284094                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.sampled_refs                 1269                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_refs             111334.983452                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu10.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus10.data   194.683852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu10.data    61.316148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus10.data     0.760484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::cpu10.data     0.239516                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        79936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total         79936                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        64321                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus10.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus10.data       144257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_hits::total         144257                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus10.data       144257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_hits::total        144257                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2408                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus10.data          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          554                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_misses::total         2962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus10.data         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_misses::total         2962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   1569699068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1569699068                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    534274131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total    534274131                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103973199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   2103973199                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data   2103973199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   2103973199                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        82344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        82344                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data        64875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        64875                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          136                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus10.data          130                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          130                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       147219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_accesses::total       147219                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus10.data       147219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_accesses::total       147219                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.029243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.029243                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.008539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.008539                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.020120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.020120                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.020120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.020120                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 651868.383721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 651868.383721                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 964393.738267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 964393.738267                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 710321.809251                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu10.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu10.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.writebacks::total             453                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1466                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data          483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          483                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus10.data         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1949                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus10.data         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1013                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    615858070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    615858070                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data     65709340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     65709340                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    681567410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    681567410                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data    681567410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    681567410                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.011440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.011440                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001094                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus10.data     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006881                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 653777.144374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 653777.144374                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 925483.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 925483.661972                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus10.data 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 672820.740375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu10.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu11.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu11.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu11.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu11.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu11.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu11.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu11.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu11.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu11.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu11.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu11.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu11.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu11.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu11.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu11.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu11.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu11.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu11.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu11.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu11.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu11.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu11.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu11.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu11.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu11.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu11.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu11.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu11.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu11.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu11.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu11.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu11.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu11.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu11.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.icache.tagsinuse              568.465485                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.icache.total_refs              868078396                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.avg_refs             1520277.401051                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.inst    26.413740                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_blocks::cpu11.inst   542.051745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.inst     0.042330                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::cpu11.inst     0.868673                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911002                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130438                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_hits::total         130438                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.inst       130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_hits::total        130438                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           46                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_misses::total           46                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_misses::total           46                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114745172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    114745172                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114745172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    114745172                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst    114745172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    114745172                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130484                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_accesses::total       130484                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.inst       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_accesses::total       130484                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2494460.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2494460.260870                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2494460.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2494460.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2494460.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2494460.260870                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.inst           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           18                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69353678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     69353678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69353678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     69353678                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst     69353678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     69353678                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.inst     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476917.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476917.071429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476917.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476917.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.inst 2476917.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2476917.071429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu11.dcache.replacements                  898                       # number of replacements
system.cpu11.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu11.dcache.total_refs              332250028                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.sampled_refs                 1154                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_refs             287911.636049                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu11.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus11.data   105.648445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu11.data   150.351555                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus11.data     0.412689                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::cpu11.data     0.587311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        332765                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181225                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_hits::total         513990                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus11.data       513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_hits::total        513990                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3229                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus11.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_misses::total         3237                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus11.data         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_misses::total         3237                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1691915783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1691915783                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5288687                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697204470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1697204470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data   1697204470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1697204470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       335994                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181233                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           96                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus11.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus11.data       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009610                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 523975.157324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 523975.157324                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 661085.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524314.016064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 524314.016064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 524314.016064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 524314.016064                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu11.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu11.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus11.data         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2339                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          895                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus11.data          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          898                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    448851224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    448851224                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554610                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451405834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    451405834                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data    451405834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    451405834                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002664                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus11.data     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001736                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 501509.747486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 501509.747486                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851536.666667                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502679.102450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502679.102450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus11.data 502679.102450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 502679.102450                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu11.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu12.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu12.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu12.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu12.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu12.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu12.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu12.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu12.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu12.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu12.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu12.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu12.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu12.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu12.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu12.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu12.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu12.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu12.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu12.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu12.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu12.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu12.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu12.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu12.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu12.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu12.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu12.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu12.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu12.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu12.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu12.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu12.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu12.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu12.icache.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.icache.tagsinuse              475.103080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.icache.total_refs              847791320                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.sampled_refs                  484                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.avg_refs             1751634.958678                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.inst    20.103080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_blocks::cpu12.inst          455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.inst     0.032216                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::cpu12.inst     0.729167                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.occ_percent::total       0.761383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        150745                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_hits::total         150745                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.inst       150745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_hits::total        150745                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    180265367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    180265367                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       150787                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_accesses::total       150787                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.inst       150787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_accesses::total       150787                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 4292032.547619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs      3829771                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs 638295.166667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.inst           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           13                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.inst           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           29                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst    106290204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    106290204                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.inst 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 3665179.448276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu12.dcache.replacements                  469                       # number of replacements
system.cpu12.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu12.dcache.total_refs              123782143                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.sampled_refs                  725                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_refs             170733.990345                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu12.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus12.data   153.648102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu12.data   102.351898                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus12.data     0.600188                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::cpu12.data     0.399812                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data       118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        118485                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        87119                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus12.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_hits::total         205604                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus12.data       205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_hits::total        205604                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         1192                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus12.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_misses::total         1200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus12.data         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_misses::total         1200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260205405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    260205405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       751165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total       751165                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260956570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    260956570                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    260956570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    260956570                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       119677                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        87127                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          217                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus12.data          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          212                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_accesses::total       206804                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus12.data       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_accesses::total       206804                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009960                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000092                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.005803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 218293.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 218293.125000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 93895.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 93895.625000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 217463.808333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 217463.808333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 217463.808333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 217463.808333                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu12.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu12.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.writebacks::total             111                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          725                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus12.data          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total          730                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          467                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus12.data          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116466795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116466795                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data       208416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       208416                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116675211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116675211                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data    116675211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116675211                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003902                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000034                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus12.data     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002273                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 249393.565310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 249393.565310                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data        69472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        69472                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248245.129787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248245.129787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus12.data 248245.129787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 248245.129787                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu12.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu13.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu13.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu13.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu13.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu13.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu13.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu13.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu13.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu13.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu13.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu13.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu13.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu13.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu13.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu13.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu13.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu13.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu13.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu13.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu13.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu13.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu13.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu13.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu13.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu13.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu13.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu13.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu13.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu13.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu13.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu13.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu13.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu13.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu13.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.icache.tagsinuse              542.450518                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.icache.total_refs              750172652                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.avg_refs             1354102.259928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.inst    15.715700                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_blocks::cpu13.inst   526.734819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.inst     0.025185                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::cpu13.inst     0.844126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869312                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        140455                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_hits::total         140455                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.inst       140455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_hits::total        140455                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           42                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_misses::total           42                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_misses::total           42                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70583579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     70583579                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70583579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     70583579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     70583579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     70583579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       140497                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_accesses::total       140497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.inst       140497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_accesses::total       140497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1680561.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 1680561.404762                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1680561.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 1680561.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1680561.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 1680561.404762                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.inst           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           15                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50930459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     50930459                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50930459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     50930459                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst     50930459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     50930459                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.inst     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000192                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1886313.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886313.296296                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1886313.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886313.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.inst 1886313.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 1886313.296296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu13.dcache.replacements                  645                       # number of replacements
system.cpu13.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu13.dcache.total_refs              171130974                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.sampled_refs                  901                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_refs             189934.488346                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu13.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus13.data   155.023516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu13.data   100.976484                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus13.data     0.605561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::cpu13.data     0.394439                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data       201349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201349                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data        40624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        40624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus13.data       241973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_hits::total         241973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus13.data       241973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_hits::total        241973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus13.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_misses::total         2255                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus13.data         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_misses::total         2255                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1039123071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1039123071                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data      1244932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1244932                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1040368003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1040368003                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data   1040368003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1040368003                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       203589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data        40639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        40639                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus13.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       244228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_accesses::total       244228                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus13.data       244228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_accesses::total       244228                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.011003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011003                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000369                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.009233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009233                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 463894.228125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 463894.228125                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 82995.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 82995.466667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 461360.533481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 461360.533481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 461360.533481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 461360.533481                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu13.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu13.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1597                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus13.data         1609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1609                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          643                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus13.data          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          646                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    226933488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    226933488                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    227125788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    227125788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data    227125788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    227125788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003158                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000074                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus13.data     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002645                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 352929.219285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 352929.219285                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 351587.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351587.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus13.data 351587.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 351587.907121                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu13.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu14.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu14.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu14.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu14.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu14.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu14.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu14.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu14.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu14.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu14.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu14.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu14.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu14.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu14.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu14.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu14.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu14.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu14.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu14.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu14.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu14.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu14.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu14.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu14.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu14.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu14.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu14.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu14.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu14.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu14.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu14.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu14.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu14.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu14.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.icache.tagsinuse              542.454770                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.icache.total_refs              750173344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.sampled_refs                  554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.avg_refs             1354103.509025                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.inst    15.720396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_blocks::cpu14.inst   526.734373                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.inst     0.025193                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::cpu14.inst     0.844126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.occ_percent::total       0.869319                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        141147                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_hits::total         141147                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.inst       141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_hits::total        141147                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           39                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_misses::total           39                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_misses::total           39                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79281554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     79281554                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79281554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     79281554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     79281554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     79281554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       141186                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_accesses::total       141186                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.inst       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_accesses::total       141186                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032860.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2032860.358974                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032860.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2032860.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2032860.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2032860.358974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.inst           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.inst           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           27                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60875917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     60875917                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60875917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     60875917                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst     60875917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     60875917                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.inst     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000191                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2254663.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254663.592593                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2254663.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254663.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.inst 2254663.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2254663.592593                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu14.dcache.replacements                  644                       # number of replacements
system.cpu14.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu14.dcache.total_refs              171131731                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.sampled_refs                  900                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_refs             190146.367778                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu14.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus14.data   154.941673                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu14.data   101.058327                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus14.data     0.605241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::cpu14.data     0.394759                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data       201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        201648                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        41082                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_hits::total         242730                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus14.data       242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_hits::total        242730                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         2269                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus14.data           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           15                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_misses::total         2284                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus14.data         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_misses::total         2284                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    994540863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    994540863                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      1179556                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995720419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total    995720419                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    995720419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total    995720419                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       203917                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        41097                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           99                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus14.data           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           98                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_accesses::total       245014                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus14.data       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_accesses::total       245014                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011127                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009322                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 438316.819304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 438316.819304                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78637.066667                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435954.649299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 435954.649299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 435954.649299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 435954.649299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu14.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu14.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::writebacks           80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.writebacks::total              80                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         1628                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           12                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus14.data         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         1640                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus14.data          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          644                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221095939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    221095939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       192300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221288239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    221288239                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data    221288239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    221288239                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.003143                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000073                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus14.data     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002628                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 344923.461778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 344923.461778                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        64100                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343615.277950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343615.277950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus14.data 343615.277950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 343615.277950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu14.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.dtb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.dtb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.dtb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.dtb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.dtb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.dtb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.dtb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.dtb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.dtb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.dtb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_hits                          0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu15.itb.inst_misses                        0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu15.itb.read_hits                          0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu15.itb.read_misses                        0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu15.itb.write_hits                         0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu15.itb.write_misses                       0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb                          0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid                 0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_tlb_asid                     0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu15.itb.flush_entries                      0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu15.itb.align_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.prefetch_faults                    0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu15.itb.domain_faults                      0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.perms_faults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu15.itb.read_accesses                      0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu15.itb.write_accesses                     0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu15.itb.inst_accesses                      0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu15.itb.hits                               0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu15.itb.misses                             0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu15.itb.accesses                           0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu15.numCycles                              0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsStarted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu15.numWorkItemsCompleted                  0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu15.committedInsts                         0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu15.committedOps                           0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu15.num_int_alu_accesses                   0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_fp_alu_accesses                    0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu15.num_func_calls                         0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu15.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu15.num_int_insts                          0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu15.num_fp_insts                           0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu15.num_int_register_reads                 0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu15.num_int_register_writes                0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_reads                  0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu15.num_fp_register_writes                 0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu15.num_mem_refs                           0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu15.num_load_insts                         0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu15.num_store_insts                        0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu15.num_idle_cycles                        0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu15.num_busy_cycles                        0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu15.not_idle_fraction                      1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu15.idle_fraction                          0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu15.icache.replacements                    1                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.icache.tagsinuse              568.510891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.icache.total_refs              868078713                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.sampled_refs                  571                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.avg_refs             1520277.956217                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.icache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.inst    26.461437                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_blocks::cpu15.inst   542.049454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.inst     0.042406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::cpu15.inst     0.868669                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.occ_percent::total       0.911075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        130755                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_hits::total         130755                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.inst       130755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_hits::total        130755                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_misses::total           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_misses::total           47                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116652675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    116652675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116652675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    116652675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst    116652675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    116652675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       130802                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_accesses::total       130802                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.inst       130802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_accesses::total       130802                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000359                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481971.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 2481971.808511                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481971.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 2481971.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2481971.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 2481971.808511                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.icache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.icache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.inst           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total           19                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.inst           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total           28                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70946927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     70946927                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70946927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     70946927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst     70946927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     70946927                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.inst     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000214                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2533818.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533818.821429                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2533818.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533818.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.inst 2533818.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 2533818.821429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.icache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu15.dcache.replacements                  900                       # number of replacements
system.cpu15.dcache.tagsinuse                     256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu15.dcache.total_refs              332250543                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.sampled_refs                 1156                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_refs             287413.964533                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu15.dcache.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::switch_cpus15.data   105.845396                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_blocks::cpu15.data   150.154604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::switch_cpus15.data     0.413459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::cpu15.data     0.586541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       333061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        333061                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data       181443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       181443                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus15.data       514504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_hits::total         514504                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus15.data       514504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_hits::total        514504                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         3240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus15.data            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total            8                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_misses::total         3248                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus15.data         3248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_misses::total         3248                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1685105944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   1685105944                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      5287999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      5287999                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1690393943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1690393943                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data   1690393943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1690393943                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       336301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       336301                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       181451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       181451                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           97                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus15.data           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           90                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       517752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_accesses::total       517752                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus15.data       517752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_accesses::total       517752                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009634                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000044                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.006273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.006273                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 520094.427160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 520094.427160                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 660999.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 660999.875000                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 520441.484914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 520441.484914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 520441.484914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 520441.484914                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.blocked::no_targets             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu15.dcache.fast_writes                     0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu15.dcache.cache_copies                    0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.writebacks::total             155                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::switch_cpus15.data         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         2348                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          897                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::switch_cpus15.data          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          900                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    445699689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    445699689                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data      2554438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      2554438                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    448254127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    448254127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data    448254127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    448254127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.002667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000017                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::switch_cpus15.data     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001738                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 496878.137124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 496878.137124                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 851479.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 851479.333333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 498060.141111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498060.141111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::switch_cpus15.data 498060.141111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 498060.141111                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu15.dcache.no_allocate_misses              0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
